<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-6247b1e619574964bae848ac233290b6" data-uuid="6247b1e619574964bae848ac233290b6">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <title>References &amp; Further Reading</title>
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css"/><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body>
        <header id="data-uuid-f6a43b66cedd43abbd13dccb191cb48b" data-uuid="f6a43b66cedd43abbd13dccb191cb48b" class="header chapter-intro-c bleed animate">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-c7d461db2593472fbfdf3d5ffd71664d" data-uuid="c7d461db2593472fbfdf3d5ffd71664d">References &amp; Further Reading</h1>
        </header>
        <p id="data-uuid-edb7ff5dc0fd4fb483b0717c60b80c07" data-uuid="edb7ff5dc0fd4fb483b0717c60b80c07">Balderrama, F. E., &amp; Rodríguez, R. (2006). <i>Decade of Betrayal: Mexican Repatriation in the 1930s</i>. Updated Ed. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-3a93c7f07d9d48a893faa3e5b55c1033" data-uuid="3a93c7f07d9d48a893faa3e5b55c1033">Deloria, P. J. (1998). <i>Playing Indian</i>. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-ea96ccb3923d430991a93beb039bd24d" data-uuid="ea96ccb3923d430991a93beb039bd24d">Deutsch, S. (1987). <i>No Separate Refuge: Culture, Class, and Gender on an Anglo-Hispanic Frontier in the American Southwest, 1880-1940</i>. New York, NY: Oxford University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-c446697af88e42beaf4835355b370e4d" data-uuid="c446697af88e42beaf4835355b370e4d">Forrest, S. (1998). <i>The Preservation of the Village: New Mexico's Hispanics and the New Deal</i>. Revised Ed. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-e091bef21e164ecf9e968f74b271e770" data-uuid="e091bef21e164ecf9e968f74b271e770">Grinde, D. A. (1981). Navajo Opposition to the Indian New Deal. <i>Equity &amp; Excellence in Education</i> 19 (3-6), 79-87.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-bfb8d1948f3240f7830ac51c46efeab8" data-uuid="bfb8d1948f3240f7830ac51c46efeab8">Iverson, P. (2002). <i>Diné: A History of the Navajos</i>. Albuquerque,NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-1ca08d1d9b8f43f881223add284d92ea" data-uuid="1ca08d1d9b8f43f881223add284d92ea">Jensen, J. M. (1986). Canning Comes to New Mexico: Women and the Agricultural Extension Service, 1914-1919. In <i>J. M. Jensen &amp; D. Miller (Eds.), New Mexico Women: Intercultural Perspectives</i> (pp. 201-226). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-287ee359776742c9ac685fd53c1c1b3c" data-uuid="287ee359776742c9ac685fd53c1c1b3c">Luhan, M. D. (2003). <i>Edge of Taos Desert: An Escape to Reality</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press. (Original work published 1937)</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-6eedaf9bd67b4a22bfce6a1d9a691613" data-uuid="6eedaf9bd67b4a22bfce6a1d9a691613">Montoya, M. E. (2002). Dennis Chavez and the Making of Modern New Mexico. In R. W. Etulain (Ed.), <i>New Mexican Lives: Profiles and Historical Stories</i> (pp. 242-264). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-a2a4ce6fb98d4b9e9c375ac8724c3864" data-uuid="a2a4ce6fb98d4b9e9c375ac8724c3864">New Mexico Office of the State Historian. (n.d.). Great Depression and New Deal in New Mexico, 1929. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/great-depression-and-new-deal-in-new-mexico-1929"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/great-depression-and-new-deal-in-new-mexico-1929</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-8216dc544b9e4c048d5e050313918692" data-uuid="8216dc544b9e4c048d5e050313918692">Ojibwa, (2014). Boulder Dam and the Navajo Reservation. At NativeAmericanNetroots.net. Retrieved from<a href="http://nativeamericannetroots.net/diary/1761"> http://nativeamericannetroots.net/diary/1761</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-9cb6e7cb34714f39989452238f9c345f" data-uuid="9cb6e7cb34714f39989452238f9c345f">Rudnick, L. P. (2002). Mabel Dodge Luhan and New Mexico's Anglo Arts Community. In R. W. Etulain (Ed.), <i>New Mexican Lives: Profiles and Historical Stories</i> (pp. 220-241). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-29c3359bf491458189dd0e8333d20ed2" data-uuid="29c3359bf491458189dd0e8333d20ed2">Sando, J. S. (1992). <i>Pueblo Nations: Eight Centuries of Pueblo Indian History</i>. Santa Fe, NM: Clear Light Publishers.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-56bae46948a243faaceaba2e9c83a699" data-uuid="56bae46948a243faaceaba2e9c83a699">Stamatov, S. (n.d.). "There Was a Time and it Was Tingley's". At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/clyde-tingley"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/clyde-tingley</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-b40428a51fc5482d9a1c727ba900bd3c" data-uuid="b40428a51fc5482d9a1c727ba900bd3c">Stevenson, P. (1936). Deporting Jesús. <i>The Nation</i> (July 18), 67-69.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-d9b958cb108947eeaa5c850f4aecd7b4" data-uuid="d9b958cb108947eeaa5c850f4aecd7b4">White, R. (1988). <i>Roots of Dependency: Subsistence, Environment, and Social Change among the Choctaws, Pawnees, and Navajos</i>. Lincoln, NE: University of Nebraska Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-7d81d05321d746de8640cf827265b584" data-uuid="7d81d05321d746de8640cf827265b584">Wilson, C. (1997). <i>The Myth of Santa Fe: Creating a Modern Regional Tradition</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
    </body>
</html>
