<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<html id="data-uuid-1ddf61d4bd1849ad84242aa3cc008c40" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
        <head>
          <meta charset="utf-8" />
          <title>Glossary</title>
          <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="screen" href="../assets/fonts/fonts.css" /><link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="screen" href="../assets/css/main.css" />
          <script src="../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script>
        </head>
        <body class="glossary">
          
          <header>
            <h1>Glossary</h1>
          </header>
          <dl epub:type="glossary" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
      <dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-build">
        <dfn>
          Build
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Build</h4>
      <p>To compile and package the content in a Habitat project to create an Inkling title. The Inkling title can then be downloaded to and viewed in the Inkling app on supported devices.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-caption">
        <dfn>
          Caption
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Caption</h4>
      <p>Text that describes an image. It appears outside the image, usually below it.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-citation">
        <dfn>
          Citation
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Citation</h4>
      <p>The information that documents the source from which an author took content. Citations that are in a print book’s footnotes and endnotes are stored in Remarks.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-enhancement">
        <dfn>
          Enhancement
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Enhancement</h4>
      <p>Interactive elements within an Inkling title. The majority enhancements are created using widgets, but in its broadest use, the term can also refer to poptips, inline audio, and other improvements made possible by the Inkling platform.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-inline-image">
        <dfn>
          Inline image
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Inline image</h4>
      <p>An image that appears on a line of text. Special symbols or equations in the text that cannot be rendered in HTML are rendered as inline images.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-pattern">
        <dfn>
          Pattern
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Pattern</h4>
      <p>Inkling term for a snippet of HTML code that includes a reference to CSS. Readymade patterns are available in Habitat's Pattern Picker and Inkling’s Pattern Library.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-revision">
        <dfn>
          Revision
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Revision</h4>
      <p>Every time a project team member saves a change to content in Habitat, that revision of the file is archived with a unique number. A revision automatically generates analyses of the content, and the results are presented in the Reports area of Habitat. Because every revision is given a unique number and is archived, you can view the state of a project at any moment in its history.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-sandbox-chapter">
        <dfn>
          Sandbox chapter
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Sandbox chapter</h4>
      <p>A chapter that is part of a Habitat project but is not meant to be part of your final Inkling title. It can contain examples of content, reusable HTML patterns, or exploratory material. When you create a such chapter in Table of Contents, identify it as a sandbox chapter in the Inspector.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-ticket">
        <dfn>
          Ticket
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Ticket</h4>
      <p>Tickets are comments or instructions about content. Create tickets in Habitat Proof mode. Use them to identify errors in content, to suggest improvements, and so on. Assign a ticket to yourself or another team member who can respond to your comment or fix an error.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-widget">
        <dfn>
          Widget
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Widget</h4>
      <p>Widgets enable you to put javascript within &lt;object&gt; tags to provide interactive content in Inkling pages.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-XHTML">
        <dfn>
          XHTML
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>XHTML</h4>
      <p>XHTML is a stricter version of HTML. For example, in XHTML all tags must be closed, so use &lt;br /&gt; rather than &lt;br&gt; and &lt;img /&gt; rather than &lt;img&gt;. Habitat's well-formed HTML is a subset of the XHTML standards; Habitat requires code that validates to XHTML standards to ensure that content displays correctly on all supported devices. See Inkling standards for HTML and alsoXHTML Reference.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-1ee3189829e842fbb57c44cc78917282">
        <dfn>
          Analysis
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Analysis</h4>
      <p>Separating complex ideas, materials, texts and studying their different parts in order to discover how the parts relate
                to one another         </p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-88d7517675a04d9ebedf5efefc2f0946">
        <dfn>
          Attitude
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Attitude</h4>
      <p>In a
                rhetorical situation, the orientation of the voice toward the message it wants
                to convey.         </p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-2e452d13f8c74235b8f974598f400549">
        <dfn>
          Audience
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Audience</h4>
      <p>The
                individual or group whom the writer intends to address. The audience is the
                intended readers or listeners of a text.         </p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-8dc08e9dd94443bf8025639cdbd69d82">
        <dfn>
          Claims
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Claims</h4>
      <p>The
                details, facts, and explanations that help clarify the main point of an essay         </p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-0c7332ee0fb847d8abd04303e064282a">
        <dfn>
          Concept
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Concept</h4>
      <p>In
                advertising, the theme of a brand, which is relayed through the message, the
                product, the color choices, the layout design, and the graphic elements         </p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-268aacfb01484009ad25c335444396a0">
        <dfn>
          Concision
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Concision</h4>
      <p>The art
                of using the fewest words possible to convey an idea.         </p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-54f212789c914a2db4a16c8d16602fff">
        <dfn>
          Conclusion
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Conclusion</h4>
      <p>The
                final paragraph in an essay, which should not introduce new claims, but
                should instead wrap up the paper, explain how the paper proves the thesis, or
                explain the paper opens up additional thinking about your subject.         </p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-8a68db1ee1204785bb261779cb59b43c">
        <dfn>
          Content
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Content</h4>
      <p>Refers
                to all the written substance in a document.          </p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-17e331b5b04942379bc39db8a0275238">
        <dfn>
          Diction
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Diction</h4>
      <p>Word
                choice         </p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-fb09f4cf72974cdcb39b4c67fce8bc24">
        <dfn>
          Author
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Author</h4>
      <p>The originator or creator of a work, especially of a literary composition.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-d85760f506e645989c1f5cdd1845a2e0">
        <dfn>
          Source
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Source</h4>
      <p>The person, place or thing from which something (information, goods, etc. ) comes or is acquired.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-dc6e07d8097d494091e811200430525c">
        <dfn>
          Expository Writing
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Expository Writing</h4>
      <p>Derived from the word &quot;expose,&quot; expository writing seeks to expose, explain, describe, define, or inform.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-39ba0e102c244e60a458aec1fee41cf0">
        <dfn>
          Thesis
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Thesis</h4>
      <p>A claim or theory that must be supported with evidence to argue for or against a specific idea or position.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-ef1f575dbc6c499fb2365057478e1644">
        <dfn>
          Keyword
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Keyword</h4>
      <p>A word which occurs in a text more often than we would expect to occur by chance alone.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-443b071dff7a4e4d8c684416de3e36fa">
        <dfn>
          Summary
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Summary</h4>
      <p>A condensed version of the background or main ideas of a text.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-cab5495fb2af45a7848fa8503bf9f560">
        <dfn>
          Synthesis
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Synthesis</h4>
      <p>The formation of something complex or coherent by combining simpler things.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-acdedc9154d14ceeadf90a3c436905d6">
        <dfn>
          Evaluation
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Evaluation</h4>
      <p>An assessment or judgment based on specific criteria.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-8ae96e1107ed487f8ef563f24e3dc0bf">
        <dfn>
          Objectivity
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Objectivity</h4>
      <p>The ability to perceive a subject without being influenced by personal biases or emotions.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-381fd400a07548d3a5ac7a51c71c3f64">
        <dfn>
          Syntax
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Syntax</h4>
      <p>The way in which words and phrases are crafted and combined in sentences.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-2258de1472924169b33273cafa7407cb">
        <dfn>
          Perspective
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Perspective</h4>
      <p>In analysis, your personal insight into a text; what a text means to you and why you think it's significant.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-3e06ab52516841f3bd6002d262bfd212">
        <dfn>
          Argument
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Argument</h4>
      <p>The effort to use rhetorical appeals to influence an audience and achieve a certain set of purposes and outcomes; argumentative writing must take a stance.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-a6efdc82c5554a919bd3fb097409a205">
        <dfn>
          Rhetorical situation
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Rhetorical situation</h4>
      <p>Circumstances under which you communicate, which includes your purpose, audience, tone, genre, and medium of communication (online, face-to-face, text message, formal paper, etc.)</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-1fc2a4f6631140799b6061fd3841c853">
        <dfn>
          Introduction
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Introduction</h4>
      <p>Frames a writer's paper by introducing the issue at hand, establishes the writer's position, and identifies the writer's scope of coverage.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-304f4a550578440b8582220696065da0">
        <dfn>
          Tone
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Tone</h4>
      <p>The attitude the writer conveys about the subject. Also, the connection established between the voice and the audience.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-d9240ad5cca648fe8a41417af6c90c89">
        <dfn>
          Thesis Statement
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Thesis Statement</h4>
      <p>The main point of a paper; the idea of hypothesis a writer is trying to prove.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-ac109a86196e43a0b27efce3fa2b6369">
        <dfn>
          Comprehension
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Comprehension</h4>
      <p>Discusses elements that are similar</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-fcc6f98c0c1340bfbb8e359953231529">
        <dfn>
          Supporting points
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Supporting points</h4>
      <p>The details, facts, and explanations that develop and clarify the main point.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-c355e9579ac04cbe997dd81104053fb9">
        <dfn>
          Report
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Report</h4>
      <p>A document that records and conveys information to readers in a clear, concise, and visually appealing manner.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-963717519b114a92b7a6f7573ebc5554">
        <dfn>
          Persuasive writing
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Persuasive writing</h4>
      <p>Writing created to convice, motivate, or move readers toward a certain point of view or opinion.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-07fad5fa9348475086f6a18e7dcc6f12">
        <dfn>
          Prewriting
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Prewriting</h4>
      <p>The first stage of the writing process, which may consist of a combination of outlining, diagramming, storyboarding, and clustering.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-693aba6bfd9c4e088d1071c4706199c1">
        <dfn>
          Chronological order
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Chronological order</h4>
      <p>Presenting an idea or story in the order in which the events happened, from first to last event.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-693aba6bfd9c4e088d1071c4706199d2">
        <dfn>
          Academia
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Academia</h4>
      <p>The environment or community concerned with the pursuit of research, education, and scholarship.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-693aba6bfd9c4e088d1071c4706199e3">
        <dfn>
          Academic writing
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Academic writing</h4>
      <p>Refers to a particular style of expression that researchers use to define the intellectual boundaries of their disciplines and their areas of expertise.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-693aba6bfd9c4e088d1071c4706199f4">
        <dfn>
          Analytical report
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Analytical report</h4>
      <p>Presents information with a comprehensive analysis to solve problems, demonstrate relationships, or make recommendations.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-693aba6bfd9c4e088d1071c4706199t6">
        <dfn>
          Assertation
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Assertation</h4>
      <p>Statement that presents a points of view.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-693aba6bfd9c4e088d1071c470619945">
        <dfn>
          Brainstorm
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Brainstorm</h4>
      <p>A spontaneous group discussion to produce ideas and ways of solving problems.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-693aba6bfd9c4e088d1071c470619989">
        <dfn>
          Characters
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Characters</h4>
      <p>The people who inhabit the story and move it forward.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-533636591a024cd9a100c29faaa7f4a9">
        <dfn>
          Glossary term
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Glossary term</h4>
      <p>An alphabetical list of terms or words found in or relating to a specific subject, text, or dialect, with explanations; a brief dictionary.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-631636591a024cd9a300c29faaa7f4b2">
        <dfn>
          Closing paragraph
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Closing paragraph</h4>
      <p>The final paragraph in an essay, which should not introduce new claims, but should instead wrap up the paper, explain how the paper proves the thesis, or explain the paper opens up additional thinking about your subject.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-876636591a024cd9a145c29faaa7f4b2">
        <dfn>
          Comparison
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Comparison</h4>
      <p>Discusses elements that are similar.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-3228286a7afb41ae8c5b487edd51a807">
        <dfn>
          Conflict
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Conflict</h4>
      <p>The primary problem or obstacle that unfolds in the plot that the protagonist must solve or overcome by the end of the narrative.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-8ae1d57a09de48b1ba719316e418da6a">
        <dfn>
          Context
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Context</h4>
      <p>The circumstances that form the setting for an event, statement, or idea, and in terms of which it can be fully understood and assessed.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-8307fabdb2c144759b20267d15cf1707">
        <dfn>
          Contrast
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Contrast</h4>
      <p>Discusses elements that are different.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-6c2771a085e04294a7c346b1ff264c94">
        <dfn>
          Controlling idea
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Controlling idea</h4>
      <p>The main idea upon which a writer builds their thesis statement.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-54ac7344604d4279a255b7e31736123e">
        <dfn>
          Deductive Reasoning
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Deductive Reasoning</h4>
      <p>Beginning an argument with a general principle, which is referred to as a major premise, then a related premise is applied to the major premise and a conclusion is formed.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-0f701926b69a4447b1b099d8286ea6b3">
        <dfn>
          Editing
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Editing</h4>
      <p>A step in the revision process that includes fixing typos and grammatical errors.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-126d2501399a4f26ae8375785981a8e9">
        <dfn>
          Emotional truth
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Emotional truth</h4>
      <p>A visceral, heartfelt connection that arises between reader and character or characters through the unfolding (and possibly the resolution) of an invented, narrated conflict, a connection so powerful that the reader perceives reality and truth in what is known to be pretend, known to be fiction.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-539f081f53e8448d9f16a26dfc5f7327">
        <dfn>
          Outline
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Outline</h4>
      <p>A detailed summary of the important points in a text.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-2a4daffb6a304b4ba39963438acd7b97">
        <dfn>
          Research
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Research</h4>
      <p>Diligent inquiry or examination to seek or revise facts, principles, theories, applications, et cetera; laborious or continued search after truth.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-19cec2c88167418f92534cdefb4493ff">
        <dfn>
          Counterargument
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Counterargument</h4>
      <p>An argument that is opposed to another argument.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-f238cd2751c04a69a89a9a17de7cfcf9">
        <dfn>
          Topic sentences
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Topic sentences</h4>
      <p>A statement of the main idea of the paragraph in which it occurs.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-ddd9cefef6314c7aa7cc6f84b9f3de05">
        <dfn>
          Quotation
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Quotation</h4>
      <p>A group of words, usually three or more, that are borrowed from another writer or speaker. The use of quotation marks signals , to the reader, that this text is not the writer's original thought.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-d45b6a38709341858f92589e4060f252">
        <dfn>
          Passive voice
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Passive voice</h4>
      <p>A sentence construction where the subject is not clear or the subject is not performing the action in the sentence. </p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-527773bdf3124dcda5c382a30f7989ff">
        <dfn>
          Rhetorical questions
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Rhetorical questions</h4>
      <p>A rhetorical question is a question that you ask without expecting an answer. The question might be one that does not have an answer. It might also be one that has an obvious answer but you have asked the question to make a point, to persuade or for literary effect.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-e77af65fe59e4bf2bbb05754dfbca6cd">
        <dfn>
          Thesaurus
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Thesaurus</h4>
      <p>A publication, usually in the form of a book, that provides synonyms (and sometimes antonyms) for the words of a given language.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-19e86c65aef849508aa7dbaf2f0afc4c">
        <dfn>
          Synonyms
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Synonyms</h4>
      <p>A word or phrase with a meaning that is the same as, or very similar to, another word or phrase.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-0387dffcf8ad42d9b45f622dc0c9bfe0">
        <dfn>
          Misinterpreatation
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Misinterpreatation</h4>
      <p>to interpret, explain, or understand incorrectly.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-4dcb6dfc616a46b8a6088ad3437f4b05">
        <dfn>
          Reiterate
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Reiterate</h4>
      <p>Say something again or a number of times, typically for emphasis or clarity.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-f4ebc6c51d5540d2952d14c906312f80">
        <dfn>
          Personal narrative
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Personal narrative</h4>
      <p>A personal narrative tells the true story of something that happened to the writer.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-57b46568b8cc4ea5808ece6be42109bf">
        <dfn>
          Ethos
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Ethos</h4>
      <p>Appeals to the credibilty, reputation, and trustworthiness of the speaker or writer (most closely associated with the voice).</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-bc26b0cbc896452983d227a351b2ca7f">
        <dfn>
          Evidence
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Evidence</h4>
      <p>It is factual information that helps the reader reach a conclusion and form an opinion about something. Evidence is given in research work or is quoted in essays and thesis statements but is paraphrased by the writer. If it is given as it is, then it is quoted properly within quotation marks.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-2830f72184fc4b939a81350e5c79b280">
        <dfn>
          Explanations
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Explanations</h4>
      <p>Statements that reveal how the examples support and/or complicate a writer's statements.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-7c7dfa72c06d48098d860589ff10f221">
        <dfn>
          Facts
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Facts</h4>
      <p>Evidence that cannot be disputed.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-32628a8936f84e98871b79f9fd293f26">
        <dfn>
          Fallacies
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Fallacies</h4>
      <p>Errors in reasoning. </p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-76e5a017f34942cca6bb60396191ac2e">
        <dfn>
          Flash(ing) back
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Flash(ing) back</h4>
      <p>Used in a narrative to introduce a prior, related event in the story.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-01bfeb768e9d4502bc43458c41ea0dd4">
        <dfn>
          Freewriting
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Freewriting</h4>
      <p>Writing that comes out as a stream of thoughts unencumbered by grammar, spelling or a few of where it is heading.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-b1189591a6b842b0bec8791188be479e">
        <dfn>
          Genre
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Genre</h4>
      <p>A category of artistic composition, as in music or literature, characterized by similarities in form, style, or subject matter.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-93b4cd7252e74925b07ee8fdfd28fa39">
        <dfn>
          Heuristics
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Heuristics</h4>
      <p>Discovery procedures that help a writer explore their ideas; for example, the Pentad.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-a4c0d78d8b224219a98fb6be8cfb8244">
        <dfn>
          Imagery
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Imagery</h4>
      <p>A description that appeals to one of the five senses.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-30aab34890f54469a80a6109c25dcf58">
        <dfn>
          Inductive Reasoning
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Inductive Reasoning</h4>
      <p>The consideration of a number of results and forming a generalization based on those results.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-7e24beb48da84e1abf10ea270a4b6a96">
        <dfn>
          Informational report
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Informational report</h4>
      <p>Informs or instructs and presents details of events, activities, individuals, or conditions without analysis.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-22479d08469348d38824e479778640bf">
        <dfn>
          Issue dialogue
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Issue dialogue</h4>
      <p>Creation dialogue about a topic during the early analysis stage that focuses on the most extreme positions then moving towards more reasonable compromises. </p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-59ea3f644af64d318ed46b03ad331f3c">
        <dfn>
          Judgments
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Judgments</h4>
      <p>Conclusions drawn from the given facts; they are more credibile than opitions.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-e83d4cfec754452eb0713353ca668e36">
        <dfn>
          Leads
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Leads</h4>
      <p>In an academic essay, an opening, usually located in the introduction, that hooks the reader into wanting to read further.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-4758310c87c5428da09511261159f9b1">
        <dfn>
          Loaded terms
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Loaded terms</h4>
      <p>Words infused with negative associations.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-8314dadb8f91450ba9ac7a61ef7fbcf5">
        <dfn>
          Logos
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Logos</h4>
      <p>Appeals to reason, logic, and facts in an argument. In a rhetorical situation, it is the appeal most closely associated with the message.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-d7aa85e861364ec6be680e2c89726cbe">
        <dfn>
          Message
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Message</h4>
      <p>In a rhetorical situation, a message is the text being conveyed by the speaker.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-4727918f80dd4b27aad98f44fb00e40f">
        <dfn>
          Mood
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Mood</h4>
      <p>The emotional weight or atmosphere of a story, created through details, description and other craft features.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-3b62f041082d41869e75aa196b6bc62a">
        <dfn>
          Pathos
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Pathos</h4>
      <p>Appeals to the emotions and cultural beliefs of the listeners or readers.  In a rhetorical situation, it is the appeal most closely associated with the audience.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-300fb34784d74d4baec555fc56508b8f">
        <dfn>
          Pentad
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Pentad</h4>
      <p>A learning tool (developed by social philosopher Kenneth Burke) that helps break apart information into five interrelated components that determine its overall shape and direction (Act, Agent, Agency, Scene, Purpose)</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-46000cb6956b4482865ae2cd0e695e2a">
        <dfn>
          Personal obersvation
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Personal obersvation</h4>
      <p>Similar to testimony, but consists of ones own testimony; it reflects what you know to be true because you have experiences and have formed either opinions or judgements.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-dc7791c31d484ee1baff7f06e0774f69">
        <dfn>
          Persona
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Persona</h4>
      <p>Comes from the Latin word for mask; it's the version of the writer that they want to illustrate for the reader in a memoir.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-de3c5736808747b29c00edd21d1ad599">
        <dfn>
          Plot
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Plot</h4>
      <p>The events as they unfold in sequence.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-2f471b92a56940619abe67130ec4f3ad">
        <dfn>
          Precise diction
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Precise diction</h4>
      <p>Words that are clear and specific.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-1a87b1466dd244bcbae29b6fbd24c1ea">
        <dfn>
          Present tense
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Present tense</h4>
      <p>A tense expressing an action that is currently going on or habitually performed, or a state that currently or generally exists.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-a8b7e01d46c64b2fb37e593e75dcbc8a">
        <dfn>
          Primary support
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Primary support</h4>
      <p>The major points a writer chooses to expand on in their thesis. It is the most important information a writer uses to argue their point of view.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-450c5e9dbe8f4dceaa6c23a3027abbc9">
        <dfn>
          Proofreading
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Proofreading</h4>
      <p>Reviewing a paper for general consistency and clarity.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-26371ba144294dccadf7c244474583e3">
        <dfn>
          Purpose
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Purpose</h4>
      <p>The reason the writer composes the writing.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-dfea8028355d4e7eb951ab76ca372a02">
        <dfn>
          Qualitative visuals
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Qualitative visuals</h4>
      <p>Present images that appea tot he audience's emotions.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-7d14126884a4497e9ae4318a0f13d788">
        <dfn>
          Quantitative visuals
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Quantitative visuals</h4>
      <p>Present data graphically to logically appeal to the audience.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-ea9a8fb260ba4ed7bb8e10cc1d124eb9">
        <dfn>
          Reception
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Reception</h4>
      <p>The manner in which the audience receives the message conveyed.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-b5f4e0aa85734693a5a767da84f83bd3">
        <dfn>
          Reflection
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Reflection</h4>
      <p>The sense and interpretation that a writer makes of the events that transpire in a memoir.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-d6f1a5eba89d4233a547b2f4edad52e4">
        <dfn>
          Reverse outline
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Reverse outline</h4>
      <p>An outline that is created after the initial prewriting process.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-4b8b57e07c3b45e79e0af4cbfaaae6d4">
        <dfn>
          Rhetorical fallacies
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Rhetorical fallacies</h4>
      <p>Fallacies are reasoning errors, which abuse the power of logical, emotional, or ehtical appeals.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-c019766cd9fb44b28b88084e20787d97">
        <dfn>
          Rhetorical mode
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Rhetorical mode</h4>
      <p>Rhetorical modes (also known as modes of discourse) describe the variety, conventions, and purposes of the major kinds of language-based communication, particularly writing and speaking. Four of the most common rhetorical modes and their purpose are narration, description, exposition, and argumentation.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-4ef57150d3e0466581466acf01a8ad85">
        <dfn>
          Rhetorical vecotrs
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Rhetorical vecotrs</h4>
      <p>Diagonal lines throughout an image that create action.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-feab8b92be5e496e817fcc252c14305e">
        <dfn>
          Rogerian argument
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Rogerian argument</h4>
      <p>Named for its creator, Carl Rogers, a type of argument that aims for true compromise between two positions.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-acb4f9de810e4f3199f99fdcec227d5d">
        <dfn>
          Scene
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Scene</h4>
      <p>The place where an incident in real life or fiction occurs or occurred.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-7212fc3f18c84671a2b55c61781b1c45">
        <dfn>
          Semiotics
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Semiotics</h4>
      <p>The study of signs and symbols and their use or interpretation.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-0d39a4e027544697a08c03fc944c4099">
        <dfn>
          Sentence variety
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Sentence variety</h4>
      <p>The creation of sentences of various lengths and types.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-739396b5923740f49454fe79744644a9">
        <dfn>
          Setting
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Setting</h4>
      <p>Where a story takes place.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-65515703648d4ffda8f2d8f034015b26">
        <dfn>
          Signal phrase
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Signal phrase</h4>
      <p>An introduction that introduces material that summarizes someone else's work or reports someone else's findings. </p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-174ba969dec5463784d2f229ac17d6fd">
        <dfn>
          Significance
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Significance</h4>
      <p>Statements that reveal the importance of the analysis to the writer's personal and/or cultural concerns.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-ca3807a514cc43d0a398df67638759e7">
        <dfn>
          Stock phrases
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Stock phrases</h4>
      <p>Sayings repeated by a person or group that then becomes associated with that group. Stock phrases can be problematic in academic writing when they are used without fully considering their implications. Also, like cliches, stock phrases can lose their significance when they are re-used often.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-6c577463dc694b98af3b765435d38ff8">
        <dfn>
          Style
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Style</h4>
      <p>The literary element that describes the ways that the author uses words — the author's word choice, sentence structure, figurative language, and sentence arrangement all work together to establish mood, images, and meaning in the text.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-975839e6276d42f5a631f4bdb9a8f0ba">
        <dfn>
          Testimony
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Testimony</h4>
      <p>Direct quotations from either an eyewitness or an expert witness.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-06ded852342f4d669238de760520a1a3">
        <dfn>
          Theme
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Theme</h4>
      <p>The ultimate message the narrative is trying to express; it can either be explicit or implicit.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-566c0cc6e4304a6eb06ecd1a3466194f">
        <dfn>
          Toulminian argument
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Toulminian argument</h4>
      <p>Named for its creator, Stephen Toulminian, includes three components: a claim, stated grounds to support the claim, and ustated assuptions called warrents.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-f60609799d79420da6941ce078af1187">
        <dfn>
          Transitions
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Transitions</h4>
      <p>A word, phrase, sentence, or paragraph that clarifies how the writer's ideas are connected.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-8900eac86d6b4fda847832307aaaea8c">
        <dfn>
          Tropes
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Tropes</h4>
      <p>Words or phrases that point toward a figurative meaning.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-9f6f062b41fe4795807fad2d1b9ff107">
        <dfn>
          Visual literacy
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Visual literacy</h4>
      <p>The ability to read multimodal text.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-d2da35133866414e8d20d37a381e7166">
        <dfn>
          Visual rhetoric
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Visual rhetoric</h4>
      <p>Representations and images designed to convince people instead, or in addition to, using words; the study of what impression visuals give a viewer.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-0f1f2b3b270d453aa57f250ba8dc04d3">
        <dfn>
          Voice
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Voice</h4>
      <p>Refers to elements of the author's tone, phrasing, and style that are recognizable unique to her or him.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-53157198dacb4f53b782cd3fe4c78329">
        <dfn>
          Working thesis statement
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Working thesis statement</h4>
      <p>An indefinite statement that a writer makes about their topic early in the writing process for the purpose of planning or guiding their writing.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-3f1a455e656e4d1589b45e8c85997117">
        <dfn>
          Worthwhile assertation
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Worthwhile assertation</h4>
      <p>Reveals a perspective on your subject that provides possibilities for further exploration.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-dffc6c5295c44caf8ee28a5404739c53">
        <dfn>
          Metaphor
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Metaphor</h4>
      <p>A thing regarded as representative or symbolic of something else, especially something abstract.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-e41304a5c8604bfb939f1a2a088890bd">
        <dfn>
          Database
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Database</h4>
      <p>A collection of (usually) organized information in a regular structure, usually but not necessarily in a machine-readable format accessible by a computer.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-15cd1c9dda854da6b44cc512a3949d6b">
        <dfn>
          Data
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Data</h4>
      <p>Pieces of information.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-d57d57d1742d49378d45f1eebb0d92f4">
        <dfn>
          Abstract
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Abstract</h4>
      <p>An abstract is a brief summary of a research article that is used to help the reader quickly ascertain the paper's purpose.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-dad04f5107d24ae881a901e4fa90d9ac">
        <dfn>
          Research Paper
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Research Paper</h4>
      <p>A substantial piece of academic writing, usually done as a requirement for a class, in which the author independently researches a topic and writes a description of the research findings.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-75930753ff204601b26f3167d76a8a4f">
        <dfn>
          Primary sources
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Primary sources</h4>
      <p>Firsthand sources of information. </p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-037a534f83de428d94ee997a1b2d8734">
        <dfn>
          Secondary sources
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Secondary sources</h4>
      <p>Discuss, interpret, analyze, consolidate, or otherwise rework information from primary sources.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-6fd9535351d04d129cceccd31d08bb62">
        <dfn>
          Hanging Indent
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Hanging Indent</h4>
      <p>A formatting style for citations in both MLA and APA reference pages in which   every line except the first is a half-inch away from the left margin.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-60c9bd9ca5f34e44bdf6ab8770478e96">
        <dfn>
          et al.
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>et al.</h4>
      <p>“et al.” is short for “et alia,” which means “and other people” in Latin. In your paper, if you write Pauling et al. reported X findings, you are saying, Pauling and others reported X findings.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-2c518867e9e944b0a59a795a26b572af">
        <dfn>
          aphorism
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>aphorism</h4>
      <p>A short phrase that contains a general truth.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-c685d179c9574882b7be4686348662bc">
        <dfn>
          Simile
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Simile</h4>
      <p>A figure of speech which uses the words like or as to create a comparison between objects, people and/or concepts. Example--You are bright as the sun.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-0a4f3224a2914d3b8f9a6dcf7db9f892">
        <dfn>
          Critical Thinking
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Critical Thinking</h4>
      <p>The act of  being openly engaged with a text while considering its multiple possibilities.  </p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-0da05c305a444222ac3830201ad33e22">
        <dfn>
          Principles of Citing
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Principles of Citing</h4>
      <p>In MLA format, the hierarchical rules for creating works cited entries.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-c620cd06173b445ca383fb9f0b3fda5d">
        <dfn>
          Style
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>Style</h4>
      <p>The way writing is created to respond to the audience, context, and purpose. A writers' style can be created by the use of their individual word choice, voice, and sentence construction.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd>
      <dt epub:type="glossterm" id="theytheir">
        <dfn>
          They/Their
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>They/Their</h4>
      <p>The use of they instead of he or she was a conscious choice on the part of the instructors. For non-gender conforming people, the use of they allows for a third person pronoun usage. Some teachers may not be on board with this grammatical choice, even though grammar and language are always evolving. The pronoun you decide to use is up to you.
For further proof and evidence that they is an acceptable word choice, you can refer to Merriam-Webster Dictionary, which is on board with "they" as a singular pronoun--(https://www.merriam-webster.com/.../singular-nonbinary-they), plus the Washington Post adopted it in their style guide, and the American dialect association declared it the word of the year.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd>
    </dl>
        </body>
      </html>