<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-0b3fb9a2ab7548d9835b2731b53df628" data-uuid="0b3fb9a2ab7548d9835b2731b53df628">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <title>References &amp; Further Reading</title>
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css"/><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body>
        <header id="data-uuid-733e38f53341411a8517474ef50a41a4" data-uuid="733e38f53341411a8517474ef50a41a4" class="header chapter-intro-c bleed animate">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-3925a412589c44499ac188ef29ac7b31" data-uuid="3925a412589c44499ac188ef29ac7b31">References &amp; Further Reading</h1>
        </header>
        <p id="data-uuid-389de3ccf52645cf866fec7238160c86" data-uuid="389de3ccf52645cf866fec7238160c86">Brooks, J. F. (2002). <i>Captives and Cousins: Slavery, Kinship, and Community in the Southwest Borderlands</i>. Chapel Hill, NC: University of North Carolina Press, for the Omohundro Institute of Early American History and Culture.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-af5d1a168b2044eb8eac5aba63eff796" data-uuid="af5d1a168b2044eb8eac5aba63eff796">Daniels, C., &amp; Kennedy, M. V. (2013). <i>Negotiated Empires: Centers and Peripheries in the Americas, 1500–1820</i>. New York, NY: Routledge.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-0f51a05496384d63871bba2a32e272f0" data-uuid="0f51a05496384d63871bba2a32e272f0">Deeds, S. (2003). <i>Defiance and Deference in Mexico's Colonial North: Indians under Spanish Rule in Nueva Vizcaya</i>. Austin, TX: University of Texas Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-f903ee148dfe43c09a6bef54e49d95d4" data-uuid="f903ee148dfe43c09a6bef54e49d95d4">Espinosa, A. (1907). <i>Los Comanches: A Spanish Heroic Play of the Year Seventeen Hundred and Eighty</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-e6d4b25028ab44559b279bb97b8abe4c" data-uuid="e6d4b25028ab44559b279bb97b8abe4c">Flint, R., &amp; Flint, S. C. (n.d.). <i>Antonio de Valverde Cosío</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/antonio-de-valverde-cosio"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/antonio-de-valverde-cosio</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-a00bd06b168043d48f96852bb238e417" data-uuid="a00bd06b168043d48f96852bb238e417">González, D. J. (2002). Juanotilla of Cochiti, Vecina and Coyota: Nuevomexicanas in the Eighteenth Century. In R. W. Etulain (Ed.), <i>New Mexican Lives: Profiles and Historical Stories</i> (pp. 78-105). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-57d2c2fa62c641e7b5bfb8a31f4057de" data-uuid="57d2c2fa62c641e7b5bfb8a31f4057de">Gutiérrez, R. A. (2010). Indian Slavery and the Birth of Genízaros. In F. R. Sánchez (Ed.),<i> White Shell Water Place: An Anthology of Native American Reflections on the 400th Anniversary of the Founding of Santa Fe, New Mexico, with a Traditional Native Blessing by N. Scott Momaday</i> (pp. 39-56). Santa Fe, NM: Sunstone Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-ea614c86dc4247cc9693dd6cdbdacbda" data-uuid="ea614c86dc4247cc9693dd6cdbdacbda">Gutiérrez, R. A. (1991). <i>When Jesus Came, The Corn Mothers Went Away: Marriage, Sexuality, and Power in New Mexico, 1500-1846</i>. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-b49e8650b870449a828550f988cf6da9" data-uuid="b49e8650b870449a828550f988cf6da9">Harris, M. (1994). The Arrival of the Europeans: Folk Dramatizations of Conquest and Conversion in New Mexico. <i>Comparative Drama</i>, 28 (1), 141-165.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-e2a178036b0c4ad4aa40f5da3f2ac8c5" data-uuid="e2a178036b0c4ad4aa40f5da3f2ac8c5">Hendricks, R. (2002). Juan de Oñate, Diego de Vargas, and Hispanic Beginnings in New Mexico. In R. W. Etulain (Ed.), <i>New Mexican Lives: Profiles and Historical Stories</i> (pp. 45-77). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-feaa4c0567dc46cbbc832b966ecc20fb" data-uuid="feaa4c0567dc46cbbc832b966ecc20fb">Hernández, S. (1986). Nueva Mexicanas as Refugees and Reconquest Settlers, 1680-1696. In J. M. Jensen and D. A. Miller (Eds.), <i>New Mexico Women: Intercultural Perspectives</i> (pp. 41-70). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-e0d2c3ecea27495d99be830c364e0e4c" data-uuid="e0d2c3ecea27495d99be830c364e0e4c">Jones, O. L. (1966). <i>Pueblo Warriors and Spanish Conquest</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-66fecf4b53074cd9b813c4440a880e7b" data-uuid="66fecf4b53074cd9b813c4440a880e7b">Kessell, J. L. (2001). The Ways and Words of the Other: Diego de Vargas and Cultural Brokers in Late Seventeenth-Century New Mexico. In M. Connell-Szasz (Ed.), <i>Between Indian and White Worlds: The Cultural Broker</i> (pp. 25-43). Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-effc231d049247f190e3c5dc282e6ea2" data-uuid="effc231d049247f190e3c5dc282e6ea2">Lister, F. C., &amp; Lister, R. C. (1966). <i>Chihuahua: Storehouse of Storms</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-59fd76ff3b834213872e94414e2f40ca" data-uuid="59fd76ff3b834213872e94414e2f40ca">Martínez, V. 2009. <i>Lines and Circles: A Celebration of Santa Fe Families</i>. Santa Fe, NM.: Sunstone Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-b1aff6663b934f41afb67000ecdf8a9e" data-uuid="b1aff6663b934f41afb67000ecdf8a9e">New Mexico Genealogical Society. (2009). <i>New Mexico Spanish Colonial and Mexican Censuses, 1790, 1823, and 1845</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://www.nmgs.org/bksB2.htm"> http://www.nmgs.org/bksB2.htm</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-ebc13a8afc6d461dbe74b6c3640939ca" data-uuid="ebc13a8afc6d461dbe74b6c3640939ca">New Mexico PBS. (2013, October 24). <i>New Mexico's Segesser Hide Paintings</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://www.newmexicopbs.org/productions/moments-in-time/new-mexicos-segesser-hide-paintings/"> http://www.newmexicopbs.org/productions/moments-in-time/new-mexicos-segesser-hide-paintings/</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-e160b5a65d4a4080b5e35ede4edcf900" data-uuid="e160b5a65d4a4080b5e35ede4edcf900">Salmón, R. M. (1991).<i> Indian Revolts in Northern New Spain: A Synthesis of Resistance, 1680-1786</i>. Lanham, MD: University Press of America.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-1cc50f9b7aa742a2941a92cc8b0d7c06" data-uuid="1cc50f9b7aa742a2941a92cc8b0d7c06">Sánchez, F. R. 2010. <i>White Shell Water Place: An Anthology of Native American Reflections on the 400th Anniversary of the Founding of Santa Fe, New Mexico, with a Traditional Native Blessing by N. Scott Momaday</i>. Santa Fe, NM: Sunstone Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-536923c4bd544d8081596e7fd4589452" data-uuid="536923c4bd544d8081596e7fd4589452">Sánchez, J. P., Spude, R. L., &amp; Gómez, A. (2013). <i>New Mexico: A History.</i> Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-d8511c74f32d4d5bb2dcb3d8a2686c75" data-uuid="d8511c74f32d4d5bb2dcb3d8a2686c75">Simmons, M. (2001). <i>Spanish Pathways: Readings in the History of Hispanic New Mexico</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-d9aa28cffbf542dd8b9101bfaab9a574" data-uuid="d9aa28cffbf542dd8b9101bfaab9a574">Weber, D. J. 2009. <i>The Spanish Frontier in North America</i>. Brief Edition. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-95c8cd8397dc4bb2b86070334b39fb1e" data-uuid="95c8cd8397dc4bb2b86070334b39fb1e">
            Yannakakis, Y. 2008. <i>The Art of Being In-Between: Native Intermediaries, Indian Identity, and Local Rule in Colonial Oaxaca</i>. Durham, NC: Duke University Press.<br/>
        </p>
    </body>
</html>
