<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-737717bc3d1c4bfbac8b251a3a757baf" data-uuid="737717bc3d1c4bfbac8b251a3a757baf">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <title>References &amp; Further Reading</title>
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css"/><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body>
        <header id="data-uuid-4ac20d8367cf4212918172c04c1f07fb" data-uuid="4ac20d8367cf4212918172c04c1f07fb" class="header chapter-intro-c bleed animate">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-5ff09765097a41b0803774e0d9f9925d" data-uuid="5ff09765097a41b0803774e0d9f9925d">References &amp; Further Reading</h1>
        </header>
        <p id="data-uuid-a45be5e6ba834a20807bb5b54dc2876f" data-uuid="a45be5e6ba834a20807bb5b54dc2876f">Barbour, B. H. (2002). Kit Carson and the "Americanization" of New Mexico. In R. W. Etulain (Ed.), <i>New Mexican Lives: Profiles and Historical Stories</i> (pp. 163-192). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-161e5313c837400db0747e43f7ebb2da" data-uuid="161e5313c837400db0747e43f7ebb2da">Brooks, J. F. (2002). <i>Captives and Cousins: Slavery, Kinship, and Community in the Southwest Borderlands</i>. Chapel Hill, NC: University of North Carolina Press, for the Omohundro Institute of Early American History and Culture.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-829281c8e9494bc3855fb264f767ca1c" data-uuid="829281c8e9494bc3855fb264f767ca1c">Caffey, D. L. (2014). <i>Chasing the Santa Fe Ring: Power and Privilege in Territorial New Mexico</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-8e52d7034f7947be9699b1c630512b9c" data-uuid="8e52d7034f7947be9699b1c630512b9c">Chamberlain, K. P. (2002). Billy the Kid, Susan McSween, Thomas Catron, and the Modernization of New Mexico, 1865-1912. In R. W. Etulain (Ed.), <i>New Mexican Lives: Profiles and Historical Stories</i> (pp. 193-219). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-de993d017d43464080f5415fc4fbf4ce" data-uuid="de993d017d43464080f5415fc4fbf4ce">Denetdale, J. N. (2007). <i>Reclaiming Diné History: The Legacies of Navajo Chief Manuelito and Juanita</i>. Tucson, AZ: University of Arizona Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-66389f6fe0ff4f93b1d5aff88c7f9fa5" data-uuid="66389f6fe0ff4f93b1d5aff88c7f9fa5">Duran, T. (1984). Francisco Chávez, Thomas B. Catron, and Organized Political Violence in Santa Fe in the 1890s. <i>New Mexico Historical Review</i> 59 (3), 291-310.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-dbfc2130536c4e768a928bf0663704b7" data-uuid="dbfc2130536c4e768a928bf0663704b7">Howe, J. (Director). (2008). <i>The Long Walk: Tears of the Navajo</i>. Salt Lake City, UT: KUED 7. </p>
        <p id="data-uuid-ea3cb8c094fa47c58c50bddf3c5e0587" data-uuid="ea3cb8c094fa47c58c50bddf3c5e0587">Iverson, P. (2002). <i>Diné: A History of the Navajos</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-5e4faac22653411b875dc462e8644f0b" data-uuid="5e4faac22653411b875dc462e8644f0b">Kiser, W. S. (2014). A “charming name for a species of slavery”: Political Debate on Debt Peonage in the Southwest, 1840s–1860s. <i>Western Historical Quarterly</i> 45 (2), 169-189.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-2a48c2b0bb4c4b859060044ae198a4ee" data-uuid="2a48c2b0bb4c4b859060044ae198a4ee">Larson, R. W. (1968). Chapter 4: Becoming a Territory. In R. W. Larson, <i>New Mexico's Quest for Statehood, 1846-1912</i> (pp. 41-61). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-c85e9c8c607b456b800d34ca241e2e00" data-uuid="c85e9c8c607b456b800d34ca241e2e00">Montoya, M. E. (2002).<i> Translating Property: The Maxwell Land Grant and the Conflict over Land in the American West, 1840-1900</i>. Berkeley, CA: University of California Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-1c78430288944322a83d7d9189868d14" data-uuid="1c78430288944322a83d7d9189868d14">Mora, A. (2011). <i>Border Dilemmas: Racial and National Uncertainties in New Mexico, 1848-1912</i>. Durham, NC: Duke University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-74449f7fb705487598d5a471da03b355" data-uuid="74449f7fb705487598d5a471da03b355">Navajo Nation, Office of the President &amp; Vice President. (2007). <i>Navajo Attorney General says Treaty of 1868 still relevant 139 years after Navajos’ release from Bosque Redondo</i>. Press Release, Window Rock, AZ: The Navajo Nation.<a href="http://www.navajo-nsn.gov/images/pdf%20releases/George%20Hardeen/june07/Navajo%20Attorney%20General%20says%20Treaty%20of%201868%20still%20relevant%20139%20years%20after%20Navajos%27%20release%20from%20Bosque%20Redondo_June5.pdf"> http://www.navajo-nsn.gov/images/pdf%20releases/George%20Hardeen/june07/Navajo%20Attorney%20General%20says%20Treaty%20of%201868%20still%20relevant%20139%20years%20after%20Navajos'%20release%20from%20Bosque%20Redondo_June5.pdf</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-f4fb6ffd3dac493995ecb071084cc9bc" data-uuid="f4fb6ffd3dac493995ecb071084cc9bc">Nolan, F. (2012). <i>The Billy the Kid Reader</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-9307164bf5884fc3be4e6c9b1b77b001" data-uuid="9307164bf5884fc3be4e6c9b1b77b001">Pitcaithley, D. T. (n.d.). Politics, New Mexico, and the Coming of the Civil War. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/politics-new-mexico-and-the-coming-of-the-civil-war"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/politics-new-mexico-and-the-coming-of-the-civil-war</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-16f80000fe3d4327a04edb469db8666f" data-uuid="16f80000fe3d4327a04edb469db8666f">Rasch, P. J. (1972). The People of the Territory of New Mexico vs. the Santa Fe Ring. <i>New Mexico Historical Review</i> 47 (2), 185-202.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-d1cbcfdc0a2745eca954668dc0de6117" data-uuid="d1cbcfdc0a2745eca954668dc0de6117">Sánchez, J. P., Spude, R. L., &amp; Gómez, A. (2013). <i>New Mexico: A History</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-8fca140273c64e02b5de47880ac25622" data-uuid="8fca140273c64e02b5de47880ac25622">Sides, H. (2007). <i>Blood and Thunder: The Epic Story of Kit Carson and the Conquest of the American West</i>. New York, NY: Doubleday.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-878c20b93d9d46eb9c65f39758e8f968" data-uuid="878c20b93d9d46eb9c65f39758e8f968">Stegmaier, M. J. (2013). A Law That Would Make Caligula Blush?: New Mexico Territory's Unique Slave Code, 1859-1861. In B. A. Glasrud (Ed.), <i>African American History in New Mexico: Portraits from Five Hundred Years </i>(pp. 56-84). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-82d584806005464fb1b1f123e3983fac" data-uuid="82d584806005464fb1b1f123e3983fac">Sweeney, E. R. (2002). Mangas Coloradas and Mid-Nineteenth Century Conflicts. In R. W. Etulain (Ed.), <i>New Mexican Lives: Profiles and Historical Stories</i> (pp. 131-162). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-57706b8a72f74420a838ae5de21e4c51" data-uuid="57706b8a72f74420a838ae5de21e4c51">Utley, R. M. (1989). <i>Billy the Kid: A Short and Violent Life</i>. Lincoln, NE: Bison Books.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-1f1f587cae2d40a3aeea639d53e4760b" data-uuid="1f1f587cae2d40a3aeea639d53e4760b">Wallis, M. (2007). <i>Billy the Kid: The Endless Ride</i>. New York, NY: W.W. Norton &amp; Company.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-a48edf8502f945f2919def2e3a384f2d" data-uuid="a48edf8502f945f2919def2e3a384f2d">Wilson, J. P. (2001). <i>When the Texans Came: Missing Records from the Civil War in the Southwest, 1861-1862</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-c49bda7710df4172941a3daa0197efdc" data-uuid="c49bda7710df4172941a3daa0197efdc">Wroth, W. H. (n.d.). Civil War Comes to New Mexico-1861. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://dev.newmexicohistory.org/filedetails.php?fileID=503"> http://dev.newmexicohistory.org/filedetails.php?fileID=503</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-58f9217c653d401d86d1dcbae7e179cd" data-uuid="58f9217c653d401d86d1dcbae7e179cd">
            Wroth, W. H. (n.d.). Navajo Long Walk to Bosque Redondo-1864. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/navajo-long-walk-to-bosque-redondo-1864"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/navajo-long-walk-to-bosque-redondo-1864</a><br/>
        </p>
    </body>
</html>
