<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-aa6f731c5dd043d298d61d1bb005da35" data-uuid="aa6f731c5dd043d298d61d1bb005da35">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <title>References &amp; Further Reading</title>
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css"/><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body>
        <header id="data-uuid-20879b96997a4f729537cce4a0cd5380" data-uuid="20879b96997a4f729537cce4a0cd5380" class="header chapter-intro-c bleed animate">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-636b8b0d87aa446596fbd96254a05202" data-uuid="636b8b0d87aa446596fbd96254a05202">References &amp; Further Reading</h1>
        </header>
        <p id="data-uuid-1a44d6b24e024144b1de5f9868924492" data-uuid="1a44d6b24e024144b1de5f9868924492">Banks, R. W. (2013). Between the Tracks and the Freeway, African Americans in Albuquerque. In B. A. Glasrud (Ed.), <i>African American History in New Mexico: Portraits from Five Hundred Years</i> (pp. 170-185). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-608cd84b2af841b9bb6d39d525ed9028" data-uuid="608cd84b2af841b9bb6d39d525ed9028">Carpio, M. V., &amp; Iverson, P. (2002). "The Inalienable Right to Govern Ourselves": Wendell Chino and the Struggle for Indian Self-Determination in Modern New Mexico. In R. W. Etulain (Ed.) <i>New Mexican Lives: Profiles and Historical Stories</i>, (pp. 265-284). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-1ec8395b0e6a4a8c8e9ec70769df7ab1" data-uuid="1ec8395b0e6a4a8c8e9ec70769df7ab1">Cooper, G. M. (2013). The Modern Civil Rights Movement in New Mexico, 1955-1975. In B. A. Glasrud (Ed.), <i>African American History in New Mexico: Portraits from Five Hundred Years</i> (pp. 201-212). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-ddd9a878558e4387b544c446f173b378" data-uuid="ddd9a878558e4387b544c446f173b378">Correia, D. (2008). "Rousers of the Rabble" in the New Mexico Land Grant War: La Alianza Federal de Mercedes and the Violence of the State. <i>Antipode</i> 40(4), 561-583.<a href="http://www.unm.edu/~dcorreia/David_Correia/Research_files/Correia_Rabble_Antipode.pdf"> http://www.unm.edu/~dcorreia/David_Correia/Research_files/Correia_Rabble_Antipode.pdf</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-21decc95b2ae4122910d4ad66fee8b49" data-uuid="21decc95b2ae4122910d4ad66fee8b49">Correia, D. (2013). <i>Properties of Violence: Law and Land Grant Struggle in Northern New Mexico</i>. Athens, GA: University of Georgia Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-05634b206dc54a7285e988075851c7ef" data-uuid="05634b206dc54a7285e988075851c7ef">Correia, D. (2013). Who is Reis López Tijerina? A Reappraisal of a Folk Hero. At Alibi.com, June 13-19. Retrieved from<a href="http://alibi.com/news/44776/Who-is-Reies-Lopez-Tijerina.html"> http://alibi.com/news/44776/Who-is-Reies-Lopez-Tijerina.html</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-eef13097768c46198c73e506199745f5" data-uuid="eef13097768c46198c73e506199745f5">Dunbar-Ortiz, R. (2007). <i>Roots of Resistance: A History of Land Tenure in New Mexico</i>. Revised Ed. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-db8db48867de483a93fa9117543824b2" data-uuid="db8db48867de483a93fa9117543824b2">Ebright, M. (1994). <i>Land Grants and Lawsuits in Northern New Mexico</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-8b274375e72943919583f28269ed7c80" data-uuid="8b274375e72943919583f28269ed7c80">Iverson, P. (2002). <i>Diné: A History of the Navajos</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-70ec6ec47a904dc2880cc6ef85034ea3" data-uuid="70ec6ec47a904dc2880cc6ef85034ea3">Knox, E. O. (1954). Racial Integration in the Public Schools of Arizona, Kansas, and New Mexico. <i>The Journal of Negro Education</i> 23(3), 290-295.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-9c5bf35d104f4f5b80c2a680209f89c0" data-uuid="9c5bf35d104f4f5b80c2a680209f89c0">Leonard, L. G. (1997). Sovereignty, Self-Determination, and Environmental Justice in the Mescalero Apache's Decision to Store Nuclear Waste. <i>Boston College Environmental Affairs Law Review</i> 24(3), 651-693.<a href="http://lawdigitalcommons.bc.edu/ealr/vol24/iss3/7/"> http://lawdigitalcommons.bc.edu/ealr/vol24/iss3/7/</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-40ebcc5d2688497792230801976cec73" data-uuid="40ebcc5d2688497792230801976cec73">Long, G. (2013). How Albuquerque Got its Civil Rights Ordinance. In B. A. Glasrud (Ed.), <i>African American History in New Mexico: Portraits from Five Hundred Years </i>(pp. 165-169). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-6b1e16d482f6442ba22ed8ee207e20d9" data-uuid="6b1e16d482f6442ba22ed8ee207e20d9">Maciel, D. R., &amp; Peña, J. J. (2000). La Reconquista: The Chicano Movement in New Mexico. In E. Gonzales-Berry &amp; D. R. Maciel (Eds.), <i>The Contested Homeland: A Chicano History of New Mexico</i> (pp. 269-302). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-6f21ec1463ce4a06b43aa91e9bffd426" data-uuid="6f21ec1463ce4a06b43aa91e9bffd426">Melzer, R. (2013). Haroldie Kent Spriggs and Sammie J. Kent: Integrating a White High School in the 1950s. In B. A. Glasrud (Ed.), <i>African American History in New Mexico: Portraits from Five Hundred Years</i> (pp. 186-200). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-ee1e7b420a2c4dc5b3f0535bb74b4fa6" data-uuid="ee1e7b420a2c4dc5b3f0535bb74b4fa6">Nabokov, P. (1969). <i>Tijerina and the Courthouse Raid</i>. Berkeley, CA: Ramparts Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-27c50d79e1144905b20977754477ad51" data-uuid="27c50d79e1144905b20977754477ad51">Oropeza, L. (2008). The Heart of Chicano History: Reies López Tijerina as a Memory Entrepreneur. <i>The Sixties</i> 1 (1), 49-67.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-fd27942fe99845cdb38546d323d1605e" data-uuid="fd27942fe99845cdb38546d323d1605e">Rico, D. (n.d.). 1970 Taos Pueblo Blue Lake Returned. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/events/1970-taos-blue-lake-returned-to-pueblo"> http://newmexicohistory.org/events/1970-taos-blue-lake-returned-to-pueblo</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-61fe1ec1a3db4c258f359cba9f474286" data-uuid="61fe1ec1a3db4c258f359cba9f474286">
            Stephenson, R. (1954). Race in the Cactus State. <i>The Crisis</i>, April, 197-204.<br/>
        </p>
    </body>
</html>
