<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-1ddf61d4bd1849ad84242aa3cc008c40">
   <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../NMH/assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../NMH/assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../NMH/assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../NMH/assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <title>New Employee Orientation - CNMCC</title>
    </head>   
        <body class="glossary" align="left" margin-left="40px" max-width="924px">         
          <header>
            <h1>Glossary</h1>
          </header>
          <dl xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:type="glossary">
      <dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-build">
        <dfn>
          build
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>build</h4>
      <p>To compile and package the content in a Habitat project to create an Inkling title. The Inkling title can then be downloaded to and viewed in the Inkling app on supported devices.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-caption">
        <dfn>
          caption
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>caption</h4>
      <p>Text that describes an image. It appears outside the image, usually below it.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-citation">
        <dfn>
          citation
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>citation</h4>
      <p>The information that documents the source from which an author took content. Citations that are in a print book’s footnotes and endnotes are stored in Remarks.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-enhancement">
        <dfn>
          enhancement
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>enhancement</h4>
      <p>Interactive elements within an Inkling title. The majority enhancements are created using widgets, but in its broadest use, the term can also refer to poptips, inline audio, and other improvements made possible by the Inkling platform.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-inline-image">
        <dfn>
          inline image
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>inline image</h4>
      <p>An image that appears on a line of text. Special symbols or equations in the text that cannot be rendered in HTML are rendered as inline images.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-pattern">
        <dfn>
          pattern
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>pattern</h4>
      <p>Inkling term for a snippet of HTML code that includes a reference to CSS. Readymade patterns are available in Habitat's Pattern Picker and Inkling’s Pattern Library.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-revision">
        <dfn>
          revision
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>revision</h4>
      <p>Every time a project team member saves a change to content in Habitat, that revision of the file is archived with a unique number. A revision automatically generates analyses of the content, and the results are presented in the Reports area of Habitat. Because every revision is given a unique number and is archived, you can view the state of a project at any moment in its history.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-sandbox-chapter">
        <dfn>
          sandbox chapter
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>sandbox chapter</h4>
      <p>A chapter that is part of a Habitat project but is not meant to be part of your final Inkling title. It can contain examples of content, reusable HTML patterns, or exploratory material. When you create a such chapter in Table of Contents, identify it as a sandbox chapter in the Inspector.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-ticket">
        <dfn>
          ticket
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>ticket</h4>
      <p>Tickets are comments or instructions about content. Create tickets in Habitat Proof mode. Use them to identify errors in content, to suggest improvements, and so on. Assign a ticket to yourself or another team member who can respond to your comment or fix an error.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-widget">
        <dfn>
          widget
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>widget</h4>
      <p>Widgets enable you to put javascript within &lt;object&gt; tags to provide interactive content in Inkling pages.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-XHTML">
        <dfn>
          XHTML
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>XHTML</h4>
      <p>XHTML is a stricter version of HTML. For example, in XHTML all tags must be closed, so use &lt;br /&gt; rather than &lt;br&gt; and &lt;img /&gt; rather than &lt;img&gt;. Habitat's well-formed HTML is a subset of the XHTML standards; Habitat requires code that validates to XHTML standards to ensure that content displays correctly on all supported devices. See Inkling standards for HTML and alsoXHTML Reference.</p>
      
      
      
    
      </dd><dt epub:type="glossterm" id="key-f2acb9bee34e44139f4491b9ea7c64f8">
        <dfn>
          glossary term
        </dfn>
      </dt><dd epub:type="glossdef">
        
      <h4>glossary term</h4>
      <p>This is an example glossary term.</p> 
      
      
    
      </dd>
    </dl>
        </body>
      </html>
