<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-bc234e8935d049c0aafd0c4be11deb37" data-uuid="bc234e8935d049c0aafd0c4be11deb37">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <title>References &amp; Further Reading</title>
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css"/><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body>
        <header id="data-uuid-09542b21801d452588514dc284ca9990" data-uuid="09542b21801d452588514dc284ca9990" class="header chapter-intro-c bleed animate">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-ab1ce381b9484b6f8023840bc91807cc" data-uuid="ab1ce381b9484b6f8023840bc91807cc">References &amp; Further Reading</h1>
        </header>
        <p id="data-uuid-3bc7bdf3c68f4912b0e85c255479dbe3" data-uuid="3bc7bdf3c68f4912b0e85c255479dbe3">Bowden, J. J. (n.d.) Mesilla Civil Colony Grant. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://dev.newmexicohistory.org/filedetails.php?fileID=24676"> http://dev.newmexicohistory.org/filedetails.php?fileID=24676</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-0a7b127ad7fd45ee92a8271575ea4fb3" data-uuid="0a7b127ad7fd45ee92a8271575ea4fb3">Chamberlain, K. P. (2012). <i>Victorio: Apache Warrior and Chief</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-599a5f113f50455ba8ae334d4cfce697" data-uuid="599a5f113f50455ba8ae334d4cfce697">Compean, G., &amp; Acuña, R. (2008). <i>Voices of the U.S. Latino Experience</i>. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-0f5f658b26b34c49b8bcaf46a587cd26" data-uuid="0f5f658b26b34c49b8bcaf46a587cd26">González de la Vara, M. (2000). The Return to Mexico: The Relocation of New Mexican Families to Chihuahua and the Confirmation of a Frontier Region, 1848-1854. In E. Gonzales-Berry &amp; D. R. Maciel (Eds.), <i>The Contested Homeland: A Chicano History of New Mexico </i>(pp. 43-57). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-62f7bfb6407b478aae53c15d38533aee" data-uuid="62f7bfb6407b478aae53c15d38533aee">González, J. (2000). <i>Harvest of Empire: A History of Latinos in America</i>. New York, NY: Penguin.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-b394c029c859470293658281041ed3fc" data-uuid="b394c029c859470293658281041ed3fc">Griswold del Castillo, R. (1990). <i>The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo: A Legacy of Conflict</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-bc3aef6a96c24cacb8554b26a3868a6f" data-uuid="bc3aef6a96c24cacb8554b26a3868a6f">Hämäläinen, P. (2008). <i>The Comanche Empire</i>. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-87c5d0c2b3b24eb1b78f17cc0c0fb0bf" data-uuid="87c5d0c2b3b24eb1b78f17cc0c0fb0bf">Henderson, T. J. (2007). <i>A Glorious Defeat: Mexico and Its War with the United States</i>. New York, NY: Hill and Wang.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-30cf9dc81b8a4a4c89d163515cf4d7ad" data-uuid="30cf9dc81b8a4a4c89d163515cf4d7ad">Hernández, J. A. (2012). <i>Mexican American Colonization during the Nineteenth Century: A History of the U.S.-Mexico Borderlands</i>. New York, NY: Cambridge University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-439545f67abf494b9c3f95c1afbe7334" data-uuid="439545f67abf494b9c3f95c1afbe7334">Herrera, C. R. (2000). New Mexico Resistance to U.S. Occupation during the Mexican-American War of 1946-1848. In E. Gonzales-Berry &amp; D. R. Maciel (Eds.), <i>The Contested Homeland: A Chicano History of New Mexico</i> (pp. 23-42). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-c486f5eb894944e8be9a2ccd698a9f12" data-uuid="c486f5eb894944e8be9a2ccd698a9f12">Mares, E. A. (2002). Padre Martínez and Mexican New Mexico. In R.W. Etulain (Ed.), <i>New Mexican Lives: Profiles and Historical Stories</i> (pp. 106-130). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-6a3fde444dd0424eba4e9a24aef05ae6" data-uuid="6a3fde444dd0424eba4e9a24aef05ae6">Mora, A. (2011). <i>Border Dilemmas: Racial and National Uncertainties in New Mexico, 1848-1912</i>. Durham, NC: Duke University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-3911b0bdfdd040ecb7ee2f24aaa2a1fc" data-uuid="3911b0bdfdd040ecb7ee2f24aaa2a1fc">Reséndez, A. (2005). <i>Changing National Identities at the Frontier: Texas and New Mexico, 1800-1850</i>. New York, NY: Cambridge University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-b4df93ec661744e3bf89486f5e207f76" data-uuid="b4df93ec661744e3bf89486f5e207f76">Sánchez, J. P., Spude, R. L., &amp; Gómez, A. (2013). <i>New Mexico: A History</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-28cc5afbcda14a6ab33ec369ad7ef71c" data-uuid="28cc5afbcda14a6ab33ec369ad7ef71c">Simmons, M. (2001). The Spanish Exiles. In M. Simmons, <i>Spanish Pathways: Readings in the History of Hispanic New Mexico</i> (pp. 157-168). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-a2dc51931a9047569c90b295f6e62756" data-uuid="a2dc51931a9047569c90b295f6e62756">Sisneros, S. (n.d.). El Paseño, Padre Ramón Ortiz. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/el-paseno-padre-ramon-ortiz"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/el-paseno-padre-ramon-ortiz</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-7b14f7b9178e49dc8fba8369bfde567a" data-uuid="7b14f7b9178e49dc8fba8369bfde567a">Sisneros, S. (n.d.). Repatriation from New Mexico to Northern Chihuahua. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/repatriation-from-new-mexico-to-northern-chihuahua"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/repatriation-from-new-mexico-to-northern-chihuahua</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-961d3c8f1b094559bf522beef14d8afb" data-uuid="961d3c8f1b094559bf522beef14d8afb">St. John, R. (2011). <i>Line in the Sand: A History of the Western U.S.-Mexico Border</i>. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-c86fafdd782f443493d8b88d1fa5d35d" data-uuid="c86fafdd782f443493d8b88d1fa5d35d">
            Weber, D. J. (1982). <i>The Mexican Frontier, 1821-1846: The American Southwest Under Mexico</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.<br/>
        </p>
    </body>
</html>
