<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-7bef0ebbf42f40b6b77ee1fdc6ae29d6" data-uuid="7bef0ebbf42f40b6b77ee1fdc6ae29d6">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <title>References &amp; Further Reading</title>
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css"/><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body>
        <header id="data-uuid-e13897b0a6224d5ab3c3eff8d52b3cc2" data-uuid="e13897b0a6224d5ab3c3eff8d52b3cc2" class="header chapter-intro-c bleed animate">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-704f6621ee554ee58136e24eff0e70a2" data-uuid="704f6621ee554ee58136e24eff0e70a2">References &amp; Further Reading</h1>
        </header>
        <p id="data-uuid-1193c0f1766f449282675b27b6ecda0c" data-uuid="1193c0f1766f449282675b27b6ecda0c">Brooke, J. (1998, February 9). Conquistador Statue Stirs Hispanic Pride and Indian Rage. <i>New York Times</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://www.nytimes.com/1998/02/09/us/conquistador-statue-stirs-hispanic-pride-and-indian-rage.html?src=pm"> http://www.nytimes.com/1998/02/09/us/conquistador-statue-stirs-hispanic-pride-and-indian-rage.html?src=pm</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-c095992168a84c54a36c8e10c23c925b" data-uuid="c095992168a84c54a36c8e10c23c925b">Brooks, J. F. (2002). <i>Captives and Cousins: Slavery, Kinship, and Community in the Southwest Borderlands</i>. Chapel Hill, NC: University of North Carolina Press, for the Omohundro Institute of Early American History and Culture.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-038964ae66fb43a884e4877cfe712402" data-uuid="038964ae66fb43a884e4877cfe712402">Espinoza, A. (1990). <i>The Folklore of Spain in the American Southwest: Traditional Spanish Folk Literature in Northern New Mexico and Southern Colorado.</i> Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press. (Original work published 1985)</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-7ad58381b909409e9882b47dddd55ac4" data-uuid="7ad58381b909409e9882b47dddd55ac4">Garner, V. H. (1999). Seventeenth-Century New Mexico, The Pueblo Revolt, and Its Interpreters. In D. J. Weber (Ed.), <i>What Caused the Pueblo Revolt of 1680?</i>, (pp. 55-80). Boston, MA: Bedford/St. Martin's.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-ce8592df16af4d0b86ed38cabb47e1c3" data-uuid="ce8592df16af4d0b86ed38cabb47e1c3">Goodwin, G. (1971).<i> Western Apache Raiding and Warfare</i>. (K. H. Basso, Ed.). Tucson, AZ: University of Arizona Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-4d8d76e30591495a97ed782606fdab7e" data-uuid="4d8d76e30591495a97ed782606fdab7e">Gutiérrez, R. A. (1991). <i>When Jesus Came, The Corn Mothers Went Away: Marriage, Sexuality, and Power in New Mexico, 1500-1846.</i> Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-1ae26476e9a943ca9c8e9cb05fa3b0c5" data-uuid="1ae26476e9a943ca9c8e9cb05fa3b0c5">Harris, M. (1994). The Arrival of the Europeans: Folk Dramatizations of Conquest and Conversion in New Mexico. <i>Comparative Drama</i>, 28 (1), 141-165.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-715c02cb93544e4eaab934b58a6054ee" data-uuid="715c02cb93544e4eaab934b58a6054ee">Kessell, J. L. (1987). <i>Kiva, Cross, &amp; Crown: The Pecos Indians and New Mexico, 1540-1840</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-556132f7196a4ab5b46a90a78021096a" data-uuid="556132f7196a4ab5b46a90a78021096a">Lane, J. (1998). On Colonial Forgetting: The Conquest of New Mexico and its Historia. In P. Phelan and J. Lane (Eds.), <i>The Ends of Performance</i> (pp. 51-72). New York, NY: New York University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-747f568ef22c4589a1856d01217fcbae" data-uuid="747f568ef22c4589a1856d01217fcbae">Lister, F. C., &amp; Lister, R. C. (1966). <i>Chihuahua: Storehouse of Storms</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-59ac25f4d3c140eeb35fcdc48509f7c5" data-uuid="59ac25f4d3c140eeb35fcdc48509f7c5">Restall, M. (2003). <i>Seven Myths of the Spanish Conquest</i>. New York, NY: Oxford University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-54f60c594caf46ecb4d36134bd5d0243" data-uuid="54f60c594caf46ecb4d36134bd5d0243">Sánchez, J. P., Spude, R. L., &amp; Gómez, A. (2013). <i>New Mexico: A History</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-cad17178df454281bb56d365d96e5e38" data-uuid="cad17178df454281bb56d365d96e5e38">
            Simmons, M. (1993). <i>The Last Conquistador: Juan de Oñate and the Settling of the Far West</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.<br/>
        </p>
    </body>
</html>
