<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-a173ef510bb0415997d2788c6dabaf9f" data-uuid="a173ef510bb0415997d2788c6dabaf9f">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <title>References &amp; Further Reading</title>
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css"/><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body>
        <header id="data-uuid-df2a74d4d7b6461b8ad3aa8183d1062c" data-uuid="df2a74d4d7b6461b8ad3aa8183d1062c" class="header chapter-intro-c bleed animate">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-271b8820777947858d30a9273cbf1b9e" data-uuid="271b8820777947858d30a9273cbf1b9e">References &amp; Further Reading</h1>
        </header>
        <p id="data-uuid-bd2700d037ef45f5b2cbbf5324fb5277" data-uuid="bd2700d037ef45f5b2cbbf5324fb5277">Braeman, J. (1968). Albert J. Beveridge and Statehood for the Southwest, 1902-1912. <i>Arizona and the West</i> 10 (4), 313-342.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-829c5ef807a142c1b7cd796a26a1fe5b" data-uuid="829c5ef807a142c1b7cd796a26a1fe5b">De la Cruz, J. (1977). Rejection Because of Race: Albert J. Beveridge and Nuevo México's Struggle for Statehood, 1902-1903. <i>Aztlan</i> 7 (1): 79-97.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-985901a10105427d8eaeb6071635bba5" data-uuid="985901a10105427d8eaeb6071635bba5">Hendricks, R. (n.d.). The Importance of the Constitution. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retreived from<a href="http://www.newmexicohistory.org/centennial/TheConstitution.html"> http://www.newmexicohistory.org/centennial/TheConstitution.html</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-c3ff9aec86f440a48a768bb972b9877b" data-uuid="c3ff9aec86f440a48a768bb972b9877b">Holtby, D. V. (2012). Two Photographs and Their Stories of New Mexico's Statehood. <i>New Mexico Historical Review</i> 87 (1), 1-32.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-ce31ff04fce147c59085db73f2d18f44" data-uuid="ce31ff04fce147c59085db73f2d18f44">Holtby, D. V. (2012). <i>Forty-Seventh Star: New Mexico's Struggle for Statehood</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-af81dc99e5d54da897176a7a6262bc9b" data-uuid="af81dc99e5d54da897176a7a6262bc9b">Katz, F. (1998). <i>The Life and Times of Pancho Villa</i>. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-92b99a2f14144776b158ea3f95d4c7d4" data-uuid="92b99a2f14144776b158ea3f95d4c7d4">Larson, R. W. (1968). <i>New Mexico's Quest for Statehood, 1846-1912</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-3b42006bb097478e932601eee3083360" data-uuid="3b42006bb097478e932601eee3083360">Morgan, B. (2013). <i>Columbus, New Mexico, and Palomas, Chihuahua: Transnational Landscapes of Violence, 1888-1930</i>. (Unpublished Doctoral Dissertation). University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, NM.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-b5ee3f53d4ac412db37370f6a7bcc9f8" data-uuid="b5ee3f53d4ac412db37370f6a7bcc9f8">Morgan, B. (2014). Columbus, New Mexico: The Creation of a Border Place Myth, 1888-1916.<i> New Mexico Historical Review</i> 89 (4), 481-504.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-c7545bc29bfb4fc2986253d53951b9ba" data-uuid="c7545bc29bfb4fc2986253d53951b9ba">Morgan, B. (2010). From Brutal Ally to Humble Believer: Mormon Colonists' Image of Pancho Villa. <i>New Mexico Historical Review</i> 85 (2), 109-129.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-8f6d3c79e25a48fea7335549f3589af3" data-uuid="8f6d3c79e25a48fea7335549f3589af3">Morgan, B. (2010). Pancho Villa and the Raid on Columbus, New Mexico 1916. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/events/pancho-villa-and-the-raid-on-columbus-new-mexico-1916"> http://newmexicohistory.org/events/pancho-villa-and-the-raid-on-columbus-new-mexico-1916</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-d4706aa0491740418f5fa327e6cb0a92" data-uuid="d4706aa0491740418f5fa327e6cb0a92">Nieto-Phillips, J. M. (2000). Spanish American Ethnic Identity and New Mexico's Statehood Struggle. In E. Gonzales-Berry &amp; D. R. Maciel (Eds.), <i>The Contested Homeland: A Chicano History of New Mexico</i> (pp. 97-142). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-25c859c40b244e9dadd34dd9e9250cc3" data-uuid="25c859c40b244e9dadd34dd9e9250cc3">Romo, D. D. (2005). <i>Ringside Seat to a Revolution: An Underground Cultural History of El Paso and Juárez, 1893-1923</i>. El Paso, TX: Cinco Puntos Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-ab2dac0635854dedb8a7ad2cb247eeb4" data-uuid="ab2dac0635854dedb8a7ad2cb247eeb4">Shapiro, J. (2012). Statehood For Whom? New Mexico's Journey to Universal Voting Rights for Women. <i>El Palacio</i> 117 (3), 30-37.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-24e2cae9f8334484a77db34aadca7b74" data-uuid="24e2cae9f8334484a77db34aadca7b74">Torrez, R. J. (1998). The Quest for Statehood. In <i>A Cuarto Centennial History of New Mexico</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://www.nmgs.org/artcuar7.htm"> http://www.nmgs.org/artcuar7.htm</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-a3d8cbfc4dc44da5b4a8f2f6c35520e7" data-uuid="a3d8cbfc4dc44da5b4a8f2f6c35520e7">
            Welsome, E. (2009). <i>The General and the Jaguar: Pershing's Hunt for Pancho Villa: A True Story of Revolution and Revenge</i>. New York, NY: Little, Brown and Company.<br/>
        </p>
    </body>
</html>
