<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-993f6aebb9bc4438af66a761975aa5c4" data-uuid="993f6aebb9bc4438af66a761975aa5c4">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <title>References &amp; Further Reading</title>
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css"/><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body>
        <header id="data-uuid-bec011fa8991490d9ffa7c1fb6905c3e" data-uuid="bec011fa8991490d9ffa7c1fb6905c3e" class="header chapter-intro-c bleed animate">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-d91239cfb33b4ffdb4fa273a1b258ac0" data-uuid="d91239cfb33b4ffdb4fa273a1b258ac0">References &amp; Further Reading</h1>
        </header>
        <p id="data-uuid-3a3b34f10db0423cb89fbd3e1906172e" data-uuid="3a3b34f10db0423cb89fbd3e1906172e">Blackhawk, N. (2009).<i> Violence Over the Land: Indians and Empires in the Early American West</i>. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-20f48e3eecb14e2aa74058b3f8caa224" data-uuid="20f48e3eecb14e2aa74058b3f8caa224">Blyth, L. (2012). <i>Chiricahua and Janos: Communities of Violence in the Southwestern Borderlands, 1680-1880</i>. Lincoln, NE: University of Nebraska Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-98dd28a898ee4a098ec943dada733391" data-uuid="98dd28a898ee4a098ec943dada733391">Chamberlain, K. P. (2012). <i>Victorio: Apache Warrior and Chief</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-dfca92c7675a4076bbbb9bc982bcf5dc" data-uuid="dfca92c7675a4076bbbb9bc982bcf5dc">Correia, D. (2013). <i>Properties of Violence: Law and Land Grant Struggle in Northern New Mexico</i>. Athens, GA: University of Georgia Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-0f6855f918f24e4daee3805a0f22c6a4" data-uuid="0f6855f918f24e4daee3805a0f22c6a4">Deeds, S. (2003). <i>Defiance and Deference in Mexico's Colonial North: Indians under Spanish Rule in Nueva Vizcaya</i>. Austin, TX: University of Texas Press. </p>
        <p id="data-uuid-f40524691a8643c8a0de5ea84683487d" data-uuid="f40524691a8643c8a0de5ea84683487d">Ebright, M. (n.d.). San Miguel del Bado Grant. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/places/san-miguel-del-bado-grant#_ftnref4"> http://newmexicohistory.org/places/san-miguel-del-bado-grant#_ftnref4</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-450a4f651cc54d598998608f58d262f8" data-uuid="450a4f651cc54d598998608f58d262f8">Frank, R. (2000). <i>Settler to Citizen: New Mexican Economic Development and the Creation of Vecino Society, 1750-1820</i>. Berkeley, CA: University of California Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-1f3b42373c154da998b22e81f2e9f501" data-uuid="1f3b42373c154da998b22e81f2e9f501">Hämäläinen, P. (2008). <i>The Comanche Empire</i>. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-2685e426e0244927a5d18f0dce693a12" data-uuid="2685e426e0244927a5d18f0dce693a12">Hämäläinen, P. (2003). The Rise and Fall of Plains Indian Horse Cultures. <i>The Journal of American History</i>, 90 (3), 833-862.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-e900c89429e84fb99341cc815e9bd6e5" data-uuid="e900c89429e84fb99341cc815e9bd6e5">Nash, G. B. (1992). <i>Red, White, and Black: The Peoples of Early North America</i>. New York, NY: Prentice-Hall.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-9d5cd949dd3f4bbb8199ff71940dfb80" data-uuid="9d5cd949dd3f4bbb8199ff71940dfb80">Sánchez, J. P., Spude, R. L., &amp; Gómez, A. (2013). <i>New Mexico: A History</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-6366fabe179844e88ce9e67b281b2bad" data-uuid="6366fabe179844e88ce9e67b281b2bad">Simmons, M. (2001). <i>Spanish Pathways: Readings in the History of Hispanic New Mexico</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-abde687393d64f4f85d57629671f08ff" data-uuid="abde687393d64f4f85d57629671f08ff">Spicer, E. H. (1962). <i>Cycles of Conquest: The Impact of Spain, Mexico, and the United States on the Indians of the Southwest, 1533-1960. </i>Tucson, AZ: University of Arizona Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-71b1a88d9bba44a09c8d1feaad9901fc" data-uuid="71b1a88d9bba44a09c8d1feaad9901fc">Stamatov, S. (n.d.). Tomás Vélez Cachupín. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/tomas-velez-cachupin"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/tomas-velez-cachupin</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-0e1b6e17fbc341aa93ddc8611f884c20" data-uuid="0e1b6e17fbc341aa93ddc8611f884c20">Weber, D. J. (2009). <i>The Spanish Frontier in North America</i>. Brief Ed. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-53146f1e768746509f9944f9d50d5ca0" data-uuid="53146f1e768746509f9944f9d50d5ca0">White, R. (2011). <i>The Middle Ground: Indians, Empires, and Republics in the Great Lakes Region, 1650-1815</i>. Twentieth Anniversary Edition. New York, NY: Cambridge University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-5bb97d72faab4a558a9d02a6bc208bbf" data-uuid="5bb97d72faab4a558a9d02a6bc208bbf">
            Wroth, W. H. (n.d.). Pueblo de Abiquiú: A Genízaro Community. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/pueblo-de-abiquiu-a-genizaro-community"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/pueblo-de-abiquiu-a-genizaro-community</a><br/>
        </p>
    </body>
</html>
