<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-42c84e5eaf1e45cbb2a08738ed081a40" data-uuid="42c84e5eaf1e45cbb2a08738ed081a40">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/btns.css"/>
        <title>References &amp; Further Reading</title>
        </head>
    <body>
        <header id="data-uuid-0a258e1fd2c9419c9dda7c2b94c161fd" data-uuid="0a258e1fd2c9419c9dda7c2b94c161fd" class="header chapter-intro-c bleed animate">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-d3143f84bb0b45528c0add53c9d8dc54" data-uuid="d3143f84bb0b45528c0add53c9d8dc54">References &amp; Further Reading</h1>
        </header>
        <p id="data-uuid-303c17263b634300a8fbddeaa84cb2d4" data-uuid="303c17263b634300a8fbddeaa84cb2d4">BBC Religions. (2009). <i>Muslim Spain</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://www.bbc.co.uk/religion/religions/islam/history/spain_1.shtml"> http://www.bbc.co.uk/religion/religions/islam/history/spain_1.shtml</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-010d8d77641a4a40ac606920aa16f082" data-uuid="010d8d77641a4a40ac606920aa16f082">Burkholder, M. A., &amp; Johnson, L. L. (2012). <i>Colonial Latin America</i> (8th ed.). New York, NY: Oxford University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-41bea239a6664c9c8d2d0ede68de8c5e" data-uuid="41bea239a6664c9c8d2d0ede68de8c5e">Flint, R. (2008). <i>No Settlement, No Conquest: A History of the Coronado Entrada</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-906569ee362047238d10e9fedf38eaa8" data-uuid="906569ee362047238d10e9fedf38eaa8">Flint, R. (2009). Without Them, Nothing Was Possible. <i>New Mexico Historical Review</i>, 84 (1), 65-118.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-0b8fc61ada424a42abff64767d28ace9" data-uuid="0b8fc61ada424a42abff64767d28ace9">Flint, R., &amp; Flint, S. C. (n.d.). <i>Alvar Nuñez Cabeza de Vaca</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/alvar-nunez-cabeza-de-vaca"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/alvar-nunez-cabeza-de-vaca</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-fcbd91734dce478fba96f5ec1004584b" data-uuid="fcbd91734dce478fba96f5ec1004584b">Flint, R., &amp; Flint, S. C. (n.d.). <i>Esteban the Moor</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/esteban-the-moor"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/esteban-the-moor</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-5c7ef92b6e4f4b2c9f29424364fb3480" data-uuid="5c7ef92b6e4f4b2c9f29424364fb3480">Foote, C. J., &amp; Shackel, S. K. (1986). Indian Women of New Mexico, 1535-1680. In J. M. Jensen and D. A. Miller (Eds.), <i>New Mexico Women: Intercultural Perspectives</i> (pp. 17-40). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-a8b629c2a2ab4403bd27bc67363fddd6" data-uuid="a8b629c2a2ab4403bd27bc67363fddd6">Gardner, R. (Director). (2001).<i> Islam: Empire of Faith</i> [Documentary series]. United States: PBS Home Video.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-f1ce0490f4d448bbbab326b338096d21" data-uuid="f1ce0490f4d448bbbab326b338096d21">Gonzalez, J. (2000). <i>Harvest of Empire: A History of Latinos in America</i>. New York, NY: Penguin.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-65641925c2d24c5b9fe359a0a04b6aa3" data-uuid="65641925c2d24c5b9fe359a0a04b6aa3">Ives, S. &amp; Burns, K. (Directors). (1996). <i>The People: The West, A Film by Stephen Ives</i> [Documentary film]. United States: PBS Home Video. </p>
        <p id="data-uuid-4baade0271894e33a56607f64cf630f4" data-uuid="4baade0271894e33a56607f64cf630f4">Jones, Jr., O. L. (1966). <i>Pueblo Warriors and Spanish Conquest</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-5ac73ef3c1494aa8a3860c2d21866044" data-uuid="5ac73ef3c1494aa8a3860c2d21866044">Kessell, J. L. (1987). <i>Kiva, Cross, &amp; Crown: The Pecos Indians and New Mexico, 1540-1840</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-da1038efcb174087bfd855764b14db33" data-uuid="da1038efcb174087bfd855764b14db33">Kessell, J. L. (2002). <i>Spain in the Southwest: A Narrative History of Colonial New Mexico, Arizona, Texas, and California</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press/Red River Imprint.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-60f16bef61e64fa38152237d47b1e09c" data-uuid="60f16bef61e64fa38152237d47b1e09c">Knaut, A. L. (1995). <i>The Pueblo Revolt of 1680: Conquest and Resistance in Seventeenth-Century New Mexico</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-fc4eeeac242b43e2aadec366fcc2c6f8" data-uuid="fc4eeeac242b43e2aadec366fcc2c6f8">KNME Colores. (1991). <i>Surviving Columbus: First Encounters</i>. Retrieved from<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJJ-t2RQknI"> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJJ-t2RQknI</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-28a95e41b3a64212ad5e7f9cfdbdb6c9" data-uuid="28a95e41b3a64212ad5e7f9cfdbdb6c9">Martin, C. E., &amp; Wasserman, M. (2012). <i>Latin America and its People. Vol. 1: to 1830</i>. (3rd Ed.) Boston, MA: Prentice Hall.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-d8089a5d7ffd406c8d6e5479edc6f953" data-uuid="d8089a5d7ffd406c8d6e5479edc6f953">McDonald, D. S. (2013). Intimacy and Empire: Indian-African Interaction in Spanish Colonial New Mexico, 1500-1800. In B. A. Glasrud (Ed.), <i>African American History in New Mexico: Portraits from Five Hundred Years</i> (pp. 25-48). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-ce3535eace2b4512b8a08ef2c375ffbd" data-uuid="ce3535eace2b4512b8a08ef2c375ffbd">Moghul, H. (2014). The Late Great Mosque of Cordoba: When Islam and The West Were One. <i>Tikkun</i>, 29 (1), 34-39.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-a9d4b75dcf3a4444aeb5248e3be564ec" data-uuid="a9d4b75dcf3a4444aeb5248e3be564ec">Lewis, T., &amp; Richter, S. J. (n.d.). Coronado Expedition: Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture. <i>Oklahoma Historical Society</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://digital.library.okstate.edu/encyclopedia/entries/C/CO062.html"> http://digital.library.okstate.edu/encyclopedia/entries/C/CO062.html</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-1164a8ad0c434ae1adeeabb5facf22b9" data-uuid="1164a8ad0c434ae1adeeabb5facf22b9">Restall, M. (2003). <i>Seven Myths of the Spanish Conquest</i>. New York, NY: Oxford University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-2c78acb9f78d44d48ffb9122250b9c03" data-uuid="2c78acb9f78d44d48ffb9122250b9c03">Roberts, C. A, &amp; Roberts, S. A. (2006). <i>New Mexico</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-41974f7add7d42ac8c651de653ad4462" data-uuid="41974f7add7d42ac8c651de653ad4462">Sánchez, J. P., Spude, R. L., &amp; Gómez, A. (2013). <i>New Mexico: A History</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-e4f71142530445ffb93bc6bf1276980d" data-uuid="e4f71142530445ffb93bc6bf1276980d">Sando, J. S. (1992). <i>Pueblo Nations: Eight Centuries of Pueblo Indian History</i>. Santa Fe, NM: Clear Light Publishers.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-b9fa5df869b84bf782ba6e914bd58405" data-uuid="b9fa5df869b84bf782ba6e914bd58405">Walbert, D. (2007). <i>Spain and America: From Reconquest to Conquest</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://www.learnnc.org/lp/editions/nchist-twoworlds/1677#noteref1"> http://www.learnnc.org/lp/editions/nchist-twoworlds/1677#noteref1</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-b3f0c28c33c14560a37d043650835ac4" data-uuid="b3f0c28c33c14560a37d043650835ac4">
            Weber, D. J. (1992). <i>The Spanish Frontier in North America</i>. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press.<br/>
        </p>
        <a href="../../pages/chapter03/07.xhtml" class="btn btn--s btn--white">Previous</a>
        <a href="../../pages/credits/allcredits.xhtml" class="btn btn--s btn--white">Roll Credits >>></a>          
    </body>
</html>
