<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-ed299c84bbb64fb6b96263dba1398aee" data-uuid="ed299c84bbb64fb6b96263dba1398aee">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <title>References &amp; Further Reading</title>
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css"/><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body>
        <header id="data-uuid-7ff5ccc282054b1a90a62c9058288f64" data-uuid="7ff5ccc282054b1a90a62c9058288f64" class="header chapter-intro-c bleed animate">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-dca42a84a3154a4b8c8ebbe6df589950" data-uuid="dca42a84a3154a4b8c8ebbe6df589950">References &amp; Further Reading</h1>
        </header>
        <p id="data-uuid-c92dc96147e7425bb4be221418a6bb13" data-uuid="c92dc96147e7425bb4be221418a6bb13">Adkins, Adam. (1997). "Secret War: The Navajo Code Talkers in World War II." <i>New Mexico Historical Review</i> 72 (4): 319-347.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-df4274693c3e4d6e9d69785d8d48ffec" data-uuid="df4274693c3e4d6e9d69785d8d48ffec">Arellano, Juan Estevan. (1997). "La Querencia: La Raza Bioregionalism." <i>New Mexico Historical Review</i> 72 (1): 31-38.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-d8d3b45656ae4817bc144bcc67aa5831" data-uuid="d8d3b45656ae4817bc144bcc67aa5831">Forrest, Suzanne. (1989, repr.; 1998). <i>The Preservation of the Village: New Mexico's Hispanics and the New Deal</i>. Albuquerque: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-a7531b3a30d84d34be0f3f07b17dff96" data-uuid="a7531b3a30d84d34be0f3f07b17dff96">Hunner, Jon. (1997). "Family Secrets: The Growth of Community at Los Alamos." <i>New Mexico Historical Review</i> 72 (1): 39-46.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-4cda13fbad744224b2a744855f439f2b" data-uuid="4cda13fbad744224b2a744855f439f2b">—. (2004). <i>Inventing Los Alamos: The Growth of an Atomic Community</i>. Norman: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-8f58e1920914428990272f2fd9628543" data-uuid="8f58e1920914428990272f2fd9628543">Japanese American Legacy Project. (2007-2014). <i>Densho</i>. Accessed December 5, 2014.<a href="http://www.densho.org/densho.asp"> http://www.densho.org/densho.asp</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-ca3e9c6879ba48919e08a9593ef71236" data-uuid="ca3e9c6879ba48919e08a9593ef71236">Kosek, Jake. (2006). <i>Understories: The Political Life of Forests in Northern New Mexico</i>. Durham, N.C.: Duke University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-057eececda644e448bce6f0f2cac53bf" data-uuid="057eececda644e448bce6f0f2cac53bf">Manley, Kathleen E. B. (April 1990). "Women of Los Alamos During World War II: Some of their Views." <i>New Mexico Historical Review</i> 65 (2): 251-266.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-77013cc11ce24501bcab05eddee41095" data-uuid="77013cc11ce24501bcab05eddee41095">Mares, E. A. (1997). "Los Alamos: Coming Down from the Hill of Certainty." <i>New Mexico Historical Review</i> 72 (1): 47-56.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-8d7acaaaecff43f0b6be4e0f6993bb41" data-uuid="8d7acaaaecff43f0b6be4e0f6993bb41">Masco, Joseph. (2013). <i>The Nuclear Borderlands: The Manhattan Project in Post-Cold War New Mexico</i>. Princeton, N. J.: Princeton University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-610e5975a5054247b65676898ae6db1c" data-uuid="610e5975a5054247b65676898ae6db1c">Sides, Hampton. (2002). <i>Ghost Soldiers: An Epic Account of World War II's Greatest Rescue Mission</i>. New York: Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-5a31614ca63446dabac47ec2bed8a44a" data-uuid="5a31614ca63446dabac47ec2bed8a44a">Silko, Leslie Marmon. (1977). <i>Ceremony</i>. New York: Penguin Books.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-c7044a73ffff47549946a8173222b18f" data-uuid="c7044a73ffff47549946a8173222b18f">Stamatov, Susan. (n.d.). "Japanese-American Internment Camps in New Mexico 1942-1946." At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Accessed December 5, 2014.<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/japanese-american-internment-camps-in-new-mexico-1942-1946"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/japanese-american-internment-camps-in-new-mexico-1942-1946</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-b27084275a1b4e82a2a4b6febc3e7dff" data-uuid="b27084275a1b4e82a2a4b6febc3e7dff">Stamatov, Suzanne. (n.d.). "Code Talkers." At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Accessed December 2, 2014.<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/code-talkers"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/code-talkers</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-c89de59903584715a86098ccd7c7158f" data-uuid="c89de59903584715a86098ccd7c7158f">Sullivan, Michael Ann. (n.d.). "Detonation of the First Atomic Bomb at the Trinity Site, 1945." At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Accessed December 2, 2014.<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/detonation-of-the-first-atomic-bomb-at-the-trinity-site-1945"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/detonation-of-the-first-atomic-bomb-at-the-trinity-site-1945</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-e14f6edb515b487b8540d5adbceffeff" data-uuid="e14f6edb515b487b8540d5adbceffeff">Szasz, Ferenc M., and George E. Webb. (2008). "The New Mexican Response to the End of the Second World War." <i>New Mexico Historical Review</i> 83 (1): 1-37.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-253d47ae939342e89557699f27519fe9" data-uuid="253d47ae939342e89557699f27519fe9">Szasz, Ferenc Morton. (1984). <i>T</i><i>he Day the Sun Rose Twice: The Story of the Trinity Site Nuclear Explosion, July 16, 1945</i>. Albuquerque: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-b567bd277baa41ea8e6d804cdef17ee4" data-uuid="b567bd277baa41ea8e6d804cdef17ee4">Szsaz, Ferenc, and Patrick Nagatani. (1996). "Constricted Landscapes: The Japanese-American Concentration Camps: A Photographic Essay." <i>New Mexico Historical Review</i> 71 (2): 157-187.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-eff88f28fc714a13917938eeb6de1bf4" data-uuid="eff88f28fc714a13917938eeb6de1bf4">
            Torrez, Robert J. (1997). "Los Alamos: In Search of an Identity." <i>New Mexico Historical Review</i> 72 (1): 15-22.<br/>
        </p>
    </body>
</html>
