<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-99806dbab90e4dbd9166dbf2ed0d8378" data-uuid="99806dbab90e4dbd9166dbf2ed0d8378">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <title>How To Use This</title>
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css"/><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body>
        <header id="data-uuid-a515d953d59c487a930ab01158f4e94f" data-uuid="a515d953d59c487a930ab01158f4e94f" class="header chapter-intro-c bleed animate">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-7de328cc21dc4b66bb4c63abd0e3650c" data-uuid="7de328cc21dc4b66bb4c63abd0e3650c">How To Use This</h1>
            <p id="data-uuid-ac459bce3a354dfbbb9aba55c05399e0" data-uuid="ac459bce3a354dfbbb9aba55c05399e0" class="text-center"><i>This short guide will introduce you to the Inkling experience and explain how you can interact with this digital textbook, or MILE: Multimedia Interactive Learning Experience.</i></p>
        </header>
        <section id="data-uuid-b3eb7f216d524e479c240bbc9581f0ce" data-uuid="b3eb7f216d524e479c240bbc9581f0ce" class="section section-b bleed">
            <h2 id="data-uuid-0f2a8acca3a4443a8bffa5f0f2c99559" data-uuid="0f2a8acca3a4443a8bffa5f0f2c99559" class="section-title">Access points</h2>
        </section>
        <p id="data-uuid-5c00d1bee54b4b24a50b678ac72fc7e3" data-uuid="5c00d1bee54b4b24a50b678ac72fc7e3">There are three ways you can access your MILE:</p>
        <ul id="data-uuid-abb04c435c8b4087bf42ca4d7e86b7a2" data-uuid="abb04c435c8b4087bf42ca4d7e86b7a2">
            <li id="data-uuid-bae95d14f9194d5f9a175ed1df3e8b6f" data-uuid="bae95d14f9194d5f9a175ed1df3e8b6f">Web: <a href="http://www.inkling.com/read">Visit site</a></li>
            <li id="data-uuid-f6bcaff058934cf6a63214a279ba7920" data-uuid="f6bcaff058934cf6a63214a279ba7920">Android: <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.inkling.android">Get the app</a></li>
            <li id="data-uuid-9d35ffb85bd44de9a90f16442b848fb3" data-uuid="9d35ffb85bd44de9a90f16442b848fb3">iOS: <a href="https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/inkling-read-interactive-books/id379351586?mt=8">Get the app</a></li>
        </ul>
        <section id="data-uuid-00f40437d37645a4bca18cafc26b766d" data-uuid="00f40437d37645a4bca18cafc26b766d" class="section section-b bleed">
            <h2 id="data-uuid-036855ac88604a36a47442e4841670e1" data-uuid="036855ac88604a36a47442e4841670e1" class="section-title">Navigating through chapters</h2>
        </section>
        <p id="data-uuid-519e39bf11ec402086315904401ded4b" data-uuid="519e39bf11ec402086315904401ded4b">Navigate through chapters with ease and simplicity by using the table of contents. In your web browser, chapters are located on the left hand side of the screen. Clicking on any chapter or section of a chapter will quickly move you to that portion of the text. If you are using the mobile app on a tablet, chapters are located on the left side of the screen. Swipe the screen to right the right to reveal it (or to the left to conceal it) or tap the left pointing arrow to quickly expand the table of contents. On a smartphone, the table of contents is a dropdown menu accessible at the top of the screen.</p>
        <section id="data-uuid-d255112d0f48465088619876dcee5381" data-uuid="d255112d0f48465088619876dcee5381" class="section section-b bleed">
            <h2 id="data-uuid-cb820984861747278f9084722f4329eb" data-uuid="cb820984861747278f9084722f4329eb" class="section-title">Colors identify types of interactions</h2>
        </section>
        <p id="data-uuid-c7ba2880c48e4a5589b915b0554c27b1" data-uuid="c7ba2880c48e4a5589b915b0554c27b1">Throughout the text, you will find glossary terms in orange, superscript end notes in dark blue, and web links in sky blue. Any glossary term can be opened to reveal a bubble with additional information. End notes are a dark blue and will reveal a bubble with citation information. Web links will take you to a web page with additional information related to the hyperlinked text topic. Any of these can be interacted with via clicking or tapping, depending on your device.</p>
        <ul id="data-uuid-20d769b3cdb541c192b90729ef8ddb85" data-uuid="20d769b3cdb541c192b90729ef8ddb85">
            <li id="data-uuid-f6cffe5d9d1a410ea41458fffd466874" data-uuid="f6cffe5d9d1a410ea41458fffd466874">Example <a href="../glossary.xhtml#key-314750e43ac34229b85ea77010e48b7b"><dfn title="314750e43ac34229b85ea77010e48b7b">glossary term</dfn></a> -- This should open a definition bubble.</li>
            <li id="data-uuid-eb6a6c8af19a48e09c069e0347fc7ace" data-uuid="eb6a6c8af19a48e09c069e0347fc7ace">Example end note<a href="../remarks.xhtml#key-beb798fb8b5a4d7bb0f824ead033f195">1</a> -- This should give you a sample citation.</li>
            <li id="data-uuid-5b4659062b1a4fb49657cdebe5f300b2" data-uuid="5b4659062b1a4fb49657cdebe5f300b2">Example <a href="http://www.cnm.edu">web link</a> -- This should take you to the CNM website.</li>
        </ul>
        <section id="data-uuid-043705645bf244f78008bd0ebf51e5e2" data-uuid="043705645bf244f78008bd0ebf51e5e2" class="section section-b bleed">
            <h2 id="data-uuid-5424b4aa52b844f19a76bc51d7217497" data-uuid="5424b4aa52b844f19a76bc51d7217497" class="section-title">Interacting with multimedia</h2>
        </section>
        <p id="data-uuid-46cd6561309448778180e911f53c5e21" data-uuid="46cd6561309448778180e911f53c5e21">Throughout the text are a variety of interactive elements. Previously mentioned interactions include glossary terms, end notes, and web links, but there is even more the reader can do. Images can be opened to full screen and manipulated with zoom. Slideshows, annotated images, slidelines, flash cards, and buttons all give the reader interactive control over what is being seen. </p>
        <section id="data-uuid-d4281d129ce84af1abfed406b7b04a27" data-uuid="d4281d129ce84af1abfed406b7b04a27" class="section section-b bleed">
            <h2 id="data-uuid-6438b1508cf3430bb031ab6569339b49" data-uuid="6438b1508cf3430bb031ab6569339b49" class="section-title">Web content</h2>
        </section>
        <p id="data-uuid-fd4832bf695a4d328ca72ce0332e63f4" data-uuid="fd4832bf695a4d328ca72ce0332e63f4">While mobile devices, including tablets and smartphones, allow the reader to download offline copies of the text, some elements require Internet access in order to be used. All web content is clearly marked. Any video, including both interviews and YouTube content, requires an Internet connection. Additionally, all sky blue web links require Internet access. On mobile devices, an Internet connection is also required for downloading chapters. With the exception of web links, all other web content is located in a yellow or blue side note box or is a titled video interview.</p>
        <section id="data-uuid-e19574cabe5f4ab1b8f20a5789e3a8b2" data-uuid="e19574cabe5f4ab1b8f20a5789e3a8b2" class="section section-b bleed">
            <h2 id="data-uuid-98f9886a02f0424aac86fd72b547530f" data-uuid="98f9886a02f0424aac86fd72b547530f" class="section-title">Taking notes</h2>
        </section>
        <p id="data-uuid-201cc979dddd4f4bbf1e1ad81db8ec66" data-uuid="201cc979dddd4f4bbf1e1ad81db8ec66">It is possible to take notes and highlight text. By making a selection, the option to "highlight" or "take a note" is revealed. Highlighting applies color to text for the reader to make it stand out, make information easier to find, spend less time studying, and activate prior knowledge. Notes are stored in the notebook portion of reader. The notes icon looks like a book in the web browser version of the reader and like a notepad in the app. Any note created is stored in this section along with highlights and bookmarks enabling the reader to quickly study and navigate through the text.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-1ae3a3fcb1c045449612f993578c0b06" data-uuid="1ae3a3fcb1c045449612f993578c0b06"><i>Note: At this time, Android does not have highlighting and notes support.</i></p>
        <section id="data-uuid-112d4f3a73ff4dfeb3ec74175d3697e9" data-uuid="112d4f3a73ff4dfeb3ec74175d3697e9" class="section section-b bleed">
            <h2 id="data-uuid-9ea27c70b7bb4b0db69c56843d926aed" data-uuid="9ea27c70b7bb4b0db69c56843d926aed" class="section-title">Using the glossary</h2>
        </section>
        <p id="data-uuid-18e551ca444446dbb0abb9628cc34acf" data-uuid="18e551ca444446dbb0abb9628cc34acf">The full glossary can be accessed and searched. Using the search option, identified by a magnifying glass, allows the reader to type in a keyword and have relevant results pop up. Any term can be opened to reveal the definition and where in the text it is located. To access the full glossary list, use the magnifying glass icon in the mobile app or the speech bubble icon in the web browser.</p>
        <section id="data-uuid-8d2746d676fb4c0ba24fe7168e3fe399" data-uuid="8d2746d676fb4c0ba24fe7168e3fe399" class="section section-b bleed">
            <h2 id="data-uuid-216579bae4da4baf807b29f0f87d17dd" data-uuid="216579bae4da4baf807b29f0f87d17dd" class="section-title">Self-assessments</h2>
        </section>
        <p id="data-uuid-8d11fd8e9bb746db988149e0c5a6b4a5" data-uuid="8d11fd8e9bb746db988149e0c5a6b4a5">At the end of a chapter you may find a short self-assessment quiz to test your knowledge. You can retake these as many times as you'd like to become an expert!</p>
    </body>
</html>
