<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-adad0b9ebf5b481e85efc169817d8a04" data-uuid="adad0b9ebf5b481e85efc169817d8a04" class="">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/btns.css"/>
        <title>About CNM</title>
        </head>
    <body>
        <div id="data-uuid-67ec110543234b47a6280d4c919c1bcf" data-uuid="67ec110543234b47a6280d4c919c1bcf" class="titlecontainer bleed">
            <div id="data-uuid-5d1d5108dc644935b0afae8c474c590b" data-uuid="5d1d5108dc644935b0afae8c474c590b" class="bleed-top chapter-intro-a">
            </div>
            <section id="data-uuid-3df7588591e34794be4b4a7d41df86e5" data-uuid="3df7588591e34794be4b4a7d41df86e5" class="title-info">
                <h1 id="data-uuid-27b7016db17d447c928625b7bd6048c2" data-uuid="27b7016db17d447c928625b7bd6048c2" class="animated flipInX text-center">About CNM</h1>
            </section>
            <div id="data-uuid-e37660612644497491c9c6fbb5cf8b53" data-uuid="e37660612644497491c9c6fbb5cf8b53" class="chunderline"></div>
        </div>
        <p id="data-uuid-9fb1ed11c59b42cb894923e1d6a8c946" data-uuid="9fb1ed11c59b42cb894923e1d6a8c946"><span>Since its inception, CNM career-technical programs in business, health, technologies and trades have continually been redesigned to provide students with the most current and relevant skills needed by local employers.</span><br/>
        </p>
        <p id="data-uuid-cbbad21c669343788df39d71d2be8040" data-uuid="cbbad21c669343788df39d71d2be8040"><span>With an enrollment of more than 29,000, CNM is the largest higher education institution in New Mexico in terms of enrollment. The Main Campus occupies 60 acres near downtown Albuquerque and 42-acres at Joseph M. Montoya Campus in the Northeast Heights. Classes are also offered at the Rio Rancho Campus, the South Valley Campus, the Westside Campus, the Advanced Technology Center and the CNM Workforce Training Center.</span></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-aaa1064c64e947ae89a17bc6d71d2418" data-uuid="aaa1064c64e947ae89a17bc6d71d2418"><span>Advisory committees that include representatives from local businesses and industries help CNM develop programs to ensure that CNM students acquire the skills needed for success in the workplace. The college also has a growing number of student transfer articulation agreements with four-year institutions, including the University of New Mexico.</span></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-516a3b40367e4f099b10362d629baa58" data-uuid="516a3b40367e4f099b10362d629baa58"><span>Funding for CNM comes from a property tax levy in the college’s service district and annual appropriations by the New Mexico Legislature. Tuition and fees are very affordable and financial aid and other scholarship opportunities are available to those who qualify.</span></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-3c987a6340b54d1aac2fdda695d744b3" data-uuid="3c987a6340b54d1aac2fdda695d744b3"><span>Now in its fifth decade, CNM is a nationally accredited community college offering courses in a variety of occupational, college transfer and adult/developmental education subjects.</span></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-5beafb1af7714d4a8b456b736f68198c" data-uuid="5beafb1af7714d4a8b456b736f68198c"></p>
        <a href="../../pages/chapter01/02.xhtml" class="btn btn--s btn--white">Previous</a>
        <a href="../../pages/chapter01/04.xhtml" class="btn btn--s btn--white">Next</a>
    </body>
</html>
