<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-8ed3c727c031427bad01e3fa291448d4" data-uuid="8ed3c727c031427bad01e3fa291448d4">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <title>References &amp; Further Reading</title>
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css"/><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body>
        <header id="data-uuid-123da8d9903c4d15a8ce4599c381912e" data-uuid="123da8d9903c4d15a8ce4599c381912e" class="header chapter-intro-c bleed animate">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-1fffc71819dd43edaba2e40252233796" data-uuid="1fffc71819dd43edaba2e40252233796">References &amp; Further Reading</h1>
        </header>
        <p id="data-uuid-43b0ad0605944b8fa70fa24dd2da9047" data-uuid="43b0ad0605944b8fa70fa24dd2da9047">Arellano, A. (2000). The People's Movement: Las Gorras Blancas. In E. Gonzales-Berry and D. R. Maciel (Eds.), <i>The Contested Homeland: A Chicano History of New Mexico </i>(pp.59-83). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-92e9adc20a2a4c45a8f85c0d2a3e265a" data-uuid="92e9adc20a2a4c45a8f85c0d2a3e265a">Ball, L. D. (1992).<i> Elfego Baca in Life and Legend</i>. El Paso, TX: Texas Western Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-83585554d69f4add81232d60b5b7d6aa" data-uuid="83585554d69f4add81232d60b5b7d6aa">Berg, J., &amp; Walton, M. A. (2013). Black Communities in New Mexico. In B. A. Glasrud (Ed.), <i>African American History in New Mexico: Portraits from Five Hundred Years </i>(pp. 111-123). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-65927fb7ff914119a076ff9323c66e22" data-uuid="65927fb7ff914119a076ff9323c66e22">Connell-Szasz, M. (2005). "I knew how to be moderate. And I knew how to obey": The Commonality of American Indian Boarding School Experiences, 1750s-1920s. <i>American Indian Culture and Research Journal</i> 29 (4), 75-94.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-e826d439f9914e0a984ab26dd3ee1fb8" data-uuid="e826d439f9914e0a984ab26dd3ee1fb8">Cornell, S. E. (2013). Citizens of Nowhere: Fugitive Slaves and Free African Americans in Mexico, 1833-1857. <i>Journal of American History</i> 100 (2), 351-374. doi:10.1093/jahist/jat253.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-7c80f5ff04bf4a08891f797d56b917e9" data-uuid="7c80f5ff04bf4a08891f797d56b917e9">Correia, D. (2010). "Retribution Will Be Their Reward": New Mexico's Las Gorras Blancas and the Fight for the Las Vegas Land Grant Commons. <i>Radical History Review</i> 2010 (108), 49-72.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-d92a7d27f3594ab89e4f58f7208a4fbe" data-uuid="d92a7d27f3594ab89e4f58f7208a4fbe">Correia, D. (n.d.). Las Gorras Blancas of San Miguel County. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/las-gorras-blancas-of-san-miguel-county"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/las-gorras-blancas-of-san-miguel-county</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-36f447a419cc459fa678cde3b8cd5227" data-uuid="36f447a419cc459fa678cde3b8cd5227">Correia, D. (2013). <i>Properties of Violence: Law and Land Grant Struggle in Northern New Mexico</i>. Athens, GA: University of Georgia Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-742eedcbf1ad4e9da27fcb224757fa58" data-uuid="742eedcbf1ad4e9da27fcb224757fa58">Deutsch, S. (1987). <i>No Separate Refuge: Culture, Class, and Gender on an Anglo-Hispanic Frontier in the American Southwest, 1880-1940</i>. New York, NY: Oxford University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-5c2647adb38446ac81f887ff3a84c636" data-uuid="5c2647adb38446ac81f887ff3a84c636">Dunbar-Ortiz, R. (2007). Roots of Resistance: A History of Land Tenure in New Mexico. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-89bad65dc981485e9a2be0ec0de0786f" data-uuid="89bad65dc981485e9a2be0ec0de0786f">Ellis, H. C. (1987). From the Battle in the Classroom to the Battle for the Classroom. <i>American Indian Quarterly</i> 11 (3), 255-264.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-d5311bfd46c94d9d9903a586317b250c" data-uuid="d5311bfd46c94d9d9903a586317b250c">Forrest, S. (1998). <i>The Preservation of the Village: New Mexico's Hispanics and the New Deal</i>. Revised Ed. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-01d60a74289045cb842726d79ae09b4f" data-uuid="01d60a74289045cb842726d79ae09b4f">Hornung, C. (2013). <i>Cipriano Baca, Frontier Lawman of New Mexico</i>. Jefferson, NC: McFarland.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-36025340c7144440a338944f8aaafe91" data-uuid="36025340c7144440a338944f8aaafe91">Iverson, P. (2002). <i>Diné: A History of the Navajos</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-4f5b9d0be48e4359bd276bd09dd3136a" data-uuid="4f5b9d0be48e4359bd276bd09dd3136a">Martínez, J. F. (2008). Serious Seekers, by a False Road: Nineteenth-Century Protestant Missionaries' Perceptions of the Penitente Brotherhood. <i>New Mexico Historical Review</i> 83 (3), 353-370.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-df0f1336b8ad44e8953dbc81f3e5df2e" data-uuid="df0f1336b8ad44e8953dbc81f3e5df2e">Meléndez, A. G. (2005). <i>Spanish-Language Newspapers in New Mexico, 1834-1958</i>. Tucson, AZ: University of Arizona Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-4a3bf08a26714086b879adeff05835d7" data-uuid="4a3bf08a26714086b879adeff05835d7">Rosenbaum, R. J. (1981). <i>Mexicano Resistance in the Southwest: The Sacred Right of Self-Preservation</i>. Austin, TX: University of Texas Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-227223b0e69a4aefa6942ca7edb5f97e" data-uuid="227223b0e69a4aefa6942ca7edb5f97e">Sánchez, J. P. (2008). <i>Between Two Rivers: The Atrisco Land Grant in Albuquerque HIstory, 1692-1968</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-338d90bf24d54fc7b77bf7a534391825" data-uuid="338d90bf24d54fc7b77bf7a534391825">
            Sánchez, J. P., Spude, R. L., &amp; Gómez, A. (2013). <i>New Mexico: A History</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.<br/>
        </p>
    </body>
</html>
