<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-bc1fd677a0e1450b9b5bdbd25efbcd51" data-uuid="bc1fd677a0e1450b9b5bdbd25efbcd51">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <title>References &amp; Further Reading</title>
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css"/><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body>
        <header id="data-uuid-87fd711e10cc49a0a05c26d65d34d721" data-uuid="87fd711e10cc49a0a05c26d65d34d721" class="header chapter-intro-c bleed animate">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-31b9ef5ec4584a5f8d1688268724ea89" data-uuid="31b9ef5ec4584a5f8d1688268724ea89">References &amp; Further Reading</h1>
        </header>
        <p id="data-uuid-bea3e754c525499d84de46d01580a38c" data-uuid="bea3e754c525499d84de46d01580a38c">Brooks, J. F. (2002). <i>Captives and Cousins: Slavery, Kinship, and Community in the Southwest Borderlands</i>. Chapel Hill, NC: University of North Carolina Press, for the Omohundro Institute of Early American History and Culture.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-d845badcef0c4a55b427b5b678c5d8b2" data-uuid="d845badcef0c4a55b427b5b678c5d8b2">Chamberlain, K. P. (2012). <i>Victorio: Apache Warrior and Chief</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-b5f1a99e200c4e8a800c7c0718835f6f" data-uuid="b5f1a99e200c4e8a800c7c0718835f6f">DeLay, B. (2008). <i>War of A Thousand Deserts: Indian Raids and the U.S.-Mexican War</i>. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-063dc343d1144c8fb2c374180d42f5f6" data-uuid="063dc343d1144c8fb2c374180d42f5f6">Gutiérrez, R. A. (2010). Indian Slavery and the Birth of Genízaros. In F. R. Sánchez (Ed.), <i>White Shell Water Place: An Anthology of Native American Reflections on the 400th Anniversary of the Founding of Santa Fe, New Mexico, with a Traditional Native Blessing by N. Scott Momaday</i> (pp. 39-56). Santa Fe, NM: Sunstone Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-d5e7eae9486f4383b73409badbc4be4c" data-uuid="d5e7eae9486f4383b73409badbc4be4c">Hämäläinen, P. (2008). <i>The Comanche Empire</i>. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-40772be971a8423983671b3ed8c640c5" data-uuid="40772be971a8423983671b3ed8c640c5">Lecompte, J. (1985). <i>Rebellion in Rio Arriba, 1837</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-a46c2f895f574219be7bcbfad1b28158" data-uuid="a46c2f895f574219be7bcbfad1b28158">MacLachlan, C. M., &amp; Beezley, W. H. (2004).<i> El Gran Pueblo: A History of Greater Mexico</i>. Third Edition. New York, NY: Prentice Hall.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-fde8ad1873114748b8d42c1afa1d4329" data-uuid="fde8ad1873114748b8d42c1afa1d4329">Mares, E. A. (2002). Padre Martínez and Mexican New Mexico. In R. W. Etulain (Ed.), <i>New Mexican Lives: Profiles and Historical Stories</i> (pp. 106-130). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-3d97c90e846b4396b7bffd27f1f7daba" data-uuid="3d97c90e846b4396b7bffd27f1f7daba">Moorhead, M. L. (1958). <i>New Mexico's Royal Road: Trade and Travel on the Chihuahua Trail</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-ad35af606c0d4fc5922e27805ed3a451" data-uuid="ad35af606c0d4fc5922e27805ed3a451">Myers, H. C. (2010). <i>A History of the Santa Fe Trail</i>. Joanne VanCoevern (Ed.). Retrieved from<a href="http://www.santafetrail.org/the-trail/history/history-of-the-sft/"> http://www.santafetrail.org/the-trail/history/history-of-the-sft/</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-97cb74e440da4f86a3839434eba68dd7" data-uuid="97cb74e440da4f86a3839434eba68dd7">Reséndez, A. (2005).<i> Changing National Identities at the Frontier: Texas and New Mexico, 1800-1850</i>. New York, NY: Cambridge University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-42d8453088ad477c90a9d4179e3ac3bf" data-uuid="42d8453088ad477c90a9d4179e3ac3bf">Sánchez, J. P., Spude, R. L., &amp; Gómez, A. (2013). <i>New Mexico: A History</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-4ab5986159434069bb658f92c5b885a3" data-uuid="4ab5986159434069bb658f92c5b885a3"><i>The Great American Desert</i>. (2013). Retrieved from<a href="http://www.digitalhistory.uh.edu/disp_textbook.cfm?smtid=2&amp;psid=3148"> http://www.digitalhistory.uh.edu/disp_textbook.cfm?smtid=2&amp;psid=3148</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-7c6a0b223edd4b579c58eb257377922e" data-uuid="7c6a0b223edd4b579c58eb257377922e">Weber, D. J. (1986). <i>Arms, Indians, and the Mismanagement of New Mexico: Donaciano Vigil</i>. El Paso, TX: Texas Western Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-36a80ee8eed1402896171105b40f4732" data-uuid="36a80ee8eed1402896171105b40f4732">
            Weber, D. J. (1982). <i>The Mexican Frontier, 1821-1846: The American Southwest Under Mexico</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.<br/>
        </p>
    </body>
</html>
