<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-b5752cd31dea4a7b994260d52715f7d9" data-uuid="b5752cd31dea4a7b994260d52715f7d9">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <title>References &amp; Further Reading</title>
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css"/><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body>
        <header id="data-uuid-be4601ca04f042bbbb9d5840be269830" data-uuid="be4601ca04f042bbbb9d5840be269830" class="header chapter-intro-c bleed animate">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-dc888652a3504b848d71de2a9279a96a" data-uuid="dc888652a3504b848d71de2a9279a96a">References &amp; Further Reading</h1>
        </header>
        <p id="data-uuid-0d231596b3404dab9cde6af04008c721" data-uuid="0d231596b3404dab9cde6af04008c721">Denetdale, J. N. (2007). <i>Reclaiming Dine History: The Legacies of Navajo Chief Manuelito and Juanita</i>. Tucson, AZ: University of Arizona Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-171278b7bd094bbe9390670bb5b51138" data-uuid="171278b7bd094bbe9390670bb5b51138">Eliade, M. (1963). <i>Myth and Reality</i>. New York, NY: Harper &amp; Row.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-e2936a231eac46b4a50c88c5ce55fd0e" data-uuid="e2936a231eac46b4a50c88c5ce55fd0e">Etulain, R. W. (2002). Prologue: Prehistoric Man and Woman in New Mexico. In R. W. Etulain (Ed.), <i>New Mexican Lives</i> (pp. 5-18). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-6c0cdf7fecd84e52aab873fec0b5ed0e" data-uuid="6c0cdf7fecd84e52aab873fec0b5ed0e">Exploratorium. (n.d.). <i>Chaco Canyon</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://www.exploratorium.edu/chaco/HTML/canyon.html"> http://www.exploratorium.edu/chaco/HTML/canyon.html</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-0617a3b389174d3d8180e2ad3b7c06df" data-uuid="0617a3b389174d3d8180e2ad3b7c06df">Gutiérrez, R. A. (1991). <i>When Jesus Came, The Corn Mothers Went Away: Marriage, Sexuality, and Power in New Mexico, 1500-1846</i>. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-8641cc3415424230b46b008226ce7e36" data-uuid="8641cc3415424230b46b008226ce7e36">Hegmon, M. (2002). Recent Issues in the Archaeology of the Mimbres Region of the North American Southwest. <i>Journal of Archaeological Research</i>, 10 (4), 307-357.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-cc9d6e0fca7c49bba3a7032476616c9d" data-uuid="cc9d6e0fca7c49bba3a7032476616c9d">Iverson, P. (2002). <i>Dine: A History of the Navajos</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-d1c51421ace94499807527a1b3f913ed" data-uuid="d1c51421ace94499807527a1b3f913ed">Lister, R. H., &amp; Lister, F. C. (1981). <i>Chaco Canyon: Archaeology &amp; Archaeologists</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-399cd081eb584f9d9ea14f6bb343548f" data-uuid="399cd081eb584f9d9ea14f6bb343548f">Nabokov, Peter. 1996. Native Views of History. In B. G. Trigger &amp; W. E. Washburn (Eds.), <i>The Cambridge History of the Native Peoples of the Americas</i><i>, Vol. 1</i> (pp. 1-59). New York, NY: Cambridge University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-38d70184a033407bb5b5e0580f1266b6" data-uuid="38d70184a033407bb5b5e0580f1266b6">Ortiz, A. (1969). <i>The Tewa World: Space, Time, and Becoming in a Pueblo Society</i>. Chicago, IL: University of Chicago Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-0992f619551e4abda555245fb4cdf8ef" data-uuid="0992f619551e4abda555245fb4cdf8ef">Owsley, D. A., &amp; Jantz, R.L. (2014).<i> Kennewick Man: The Scientific Investigation of an Ancient American Skeleton</i>. College Station: Texas A &amp; M University Press</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-d9c857814d684b87bfc6f1b6945cf4c4" data-uuid="d9c857814d684b87bfc6f1b6945cf4c4">Reese, D. 2007. Proceed with Caution: Using Native American Folktales in the Classroom. <i>Language Arts</i>, 245-256.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-73a696e60f1a4cdd9091e5db787d54c4" data-uuid="73a696e60f1a4cdd9091e5db787d54c4">Restall, M. (2003). <i>Seven Myths of the Spanish Conquest</i>. New York, NY: Oxford University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-78101d193c09460ab98930082004d0bc" data-uuid="78101d193c09460ab98930082004d0bc">Roberts, C. A., &amp; Roberts, S. A. (2006). <i>New Mexico</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-c6e7dfcf27084a439644495a2c68df12" data-uuid="c6e7dfcf27084a439644495a2c68df12">Roberts, D. (1996). <i>In Search of the Old Ones: Exploring the Anasazi World of the Southwest</i>. New York, NY: Simon &amp; Schuster.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-cd88a61174354b4883c36d87a659602a" data-uuid="cd88a61174354b4883c36d87a659602a">Sánchez, J. P., Spude, R. L., &amp; Gómez, A. (2013). <i>New Mexico: A History</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-ae2be5aa97c64d93961668da375defe6" data-uuid="ae2be5aa97c64d93961668da375defe6">Sando, J. S. (2002). Pope, the Pueblo Revolt, and Native Americans in Early New Mexico. In R. W. Etulain (Ed.), <i>New Mexican Lives</i> (pp. 19-44). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-7483ae990743499f875ce4c2a6930f80" data-uuid="7483ae990743499f875ce4c2a6930f80">—. (1992). <i>Pueblo Nations: Eight Centuries of Pueblo Indian History</i>. Santa Fe, NM: Clear Light Publishers.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-07ae69eae982422685240104e2a29ec6" data-uuid="07ae69eae982422685240104e2a29ec6">Weigle, M., &amp; White, P. (2003). <i>The Lore of New Mexico</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-bc0a3cea83ff40d587196fd4cbe9bde0" data-uuid="bc0a3cea83ff40d587196fd4cbe9bde0">Whalen, M. E., &amp; Minnis, P.E. (2001). The Casas Grandes Regional System: A Late Prehistoric Polity of Northwestern Mexico. <i>Journal of World Prehistory</i>, 15 (3), 313-364.</p>
    </body>
</html>
