<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="data-uuid-d8b508a9f4744602a42cfb3901726bb9" data-uuid="d8b508a9f4744602a42cfb3901726bb9">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/fonts/fonts.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/core.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css"/>
        <link type="text/css" title="default" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/custom.css"/>
        <title>References &amp; Further Reading</title>
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css"/><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body>
        <header id="data-uuid-66fffd80650a4fe7b621ec7c922a4d87" data-uuid="66fffd80650a4fe7b621ec7c922a4d87" class="header chapter-intro-c bleed animate">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-bfe20954475c45c5bd1f2030cb162afb" data-uuid="bfe20954475c45c5bd1f2030cb162afb">References &amp; Further Reading</h1>
        </header>
        <p id="data-uuid-07efc1e70093411789c50f09a7d297b9" data-uuid="07efc1e70093411789c50f09a7d297b9">Arreola, D. D. (2012). Chiricahua Apache Homeland in the Borderlands Southwest. <i>The Geographical Review</i> 102 (1), 111-131.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-666841b19fde4d89baaeaf234c307c95" data-uuid="666841b19fde4d89baaeaf234c307c95">Brands, H. W. (2011). "One Nation Under Rails". In H. W. Brands, <i>American Colossus: The Triumph of Capitalism, 1865-1900 </i>(pp. 43-69). New York, NY: Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-20936045aa6648eaa6262449feb13896" data-uuid="20936045aa6648eaa6262449feb13896">Brooks, J. F. (2002). <i>Captives and Cousins: Slavery, Kinship, and Community in the Southwest Borderlands</i>. Chapel Hill, NC: University of North Carolina Press, for the Omohundro Institute of Early American History and Culture.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-dd9be7ee3b954b959e4f101f4a442479" data-uuid="dd9be7ee3b954b959e4f101f4a442479">Bryant, K. L. (1974). <i>History of the Atchison, Topeka &amp; Santa Fe Railway</i>. Lincoln, NE: Bison Books.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-e9d191ffdfe34216aec71762d0ce6c6c" data-uuid="e9d191ffdfe34216aec71762d0ce6c6c">Chamberlain, K. P. (2012). <i>Victorio: Apache Warrior and Chief</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-42326f2ec473415db74b44fb64a63690" data-uuid="42326f2ec473415db74b44fb64a63690">Gómez, L. E. (2007). <i>Manifest Destinies: The Making of the Mexican American Race</i>. New York, NY: NYU Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-1b9e369631dd4537881dec443c82194f" data-uuid="1b9e369631dd4537881dec443c82194f">Jacoby, K. (2013). The Broad Platform of Extermination. In B. DeLay (Ed.), <i>North American Borderlands: Rewriting Histories</i> (pp. 284-304). New York, NY: Routledge.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-a794a81733a64dd28734d85f6696bdc4" data-uuid="a794a81733a64dd28734d85f6696bdc4">Kammer, D. (n.d.). Fort Bayard. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/places/fort-bayard"> http://newmexicohistory.org/places/fort-bayard</a></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-13f1126490364eba8c5e5d0335f64169" data-uuid="13f1126490364eba8c5e5d0335f64169">Meléndez, A. G. (2005). <i>Spanish-Language Newspapers in New Mexico, 1834-1958</i>. Tucson, AZ: University of Arizona Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-5e9b809e998a4719858b6b1273c54d69" data-uuid="5e9b809e998a4719858b6b1273c54d69">Montgomery, C. H. (2002). <i>The Spanish Redemption: Heritage, Power, and Loss on New Mexico's Upper Rio Grande</i>. Berkeley, CA: University of California Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-af143903c32c43a8a743e8e2cbf58041" data-uuid="af143903c32c43a8a743e8e2cbf58041">Mora, A. (2011). <i>Border Dilemmas: Racial and National Uncertainties in New Mexico, 1848-1912</i>. Durham, NC: Duke University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-caa7b9d402804f4fba1b0de0aa8f4a02" data-uuid="caa7b9d402804f4fba1b0de0aa8f4a02">Nieto-Phillips, J. M. (2000). Spanish American Ethnic Identity and New Mexico's Statehood Struggle. In E. Gonzales-Berry &amp; D. R. Maciel, (Eds.), <i>The Contested Homeland: A Chicano History of New Mexico</i> (pp. 97-142). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-710ef61af7a7457487c658faa68254eb" data-uuid="710ef61af7a7457487c658faa68254eb">Nieto-Phillips, J. M. (2004). <i>The Language of Blood: The Making of Spanish-American Identity in New Mexico, 1880s-1930s</i>. Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-3510dfbd33ff42daa8bdb9d0552b0fcb" data-uuid="3510dfbd33ff42daa8bdb9d0552b0fcb">Rivera, P., Lomahaftewa-Singer, T., &amp; Sánchez, J. M. (2007). <i>Lifting the Veil: New Mexico and the Tricultural Myth</i>. Santa Fe, NM: Institute of American Indian Arts Museum.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-4da708ba54844ae882495b50fb0328ed" data-uuid="4da708ba54844ae882495b50fb0328ed">Rudnick, L. P. (2002). Mabel Dodge Luhan and New Mexico's Anglo Arts Community. In R. W. Etulain (Ed.), <i>New Mexican Lives: Profiles and Historical Stories</i> (pp. 220-241). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-6a6c41f4162b4c309555c76d9d412657" data-uuid="6a6c41f4162b4c309555c76d9d412657">St. John, R. (2011). <i>Line in the Sand: A History of the Western U.S.-Mexico Border</i>. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-c5eca6c0c4704e458ca0ed1297d06b70" data-uuid="c5eca6c0c4704e458ca0ed1297d06b70">Sweeney, E. R. (2002). Mangas Coloradas and Mid-Nineteenth Century Conflicts. In R. W. Etulain (Ed.), <i>New Mexican Lives: Profiles and Historical Stories</i> (pp. 131-162). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-8d8457c7639b4df39a55c0933ecd57a3" data-uuid="8d8457c7639b4df39a55c0933ecd57a3">Sweeney, E. R. (1998). <i>Mangas Coloradas: Chief of the Chiricahua Apaches</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-a4b399c784a64f83bfb5f94e3b0f978e" data-uuid="a4b399c784a64f83bfb5f94e3b0f978e">Thrapp, D. L. (1974). <i>Victorio and the Mimbres Apaches</i>. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-22c8cbed85074c2a814e5be4d5bd9042" data-uuid="22c8cbed85074c2a814e5be4d5bd9042">White, R. (2011). <i>Railroaded: The Transcontinentals and the Making of Modern America</i>. New York, NY: W. W. Norton &amp; Company.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-2938cb80262b414fac8b0a0e176f6bef" data-uuid="2938cb80262b414fac8b0a0e176f6bef">Wilson, C. (1997). Chapter 4: Romantic Regional Architecture, 1905 to 1930. In C. Wilson, <i>The Myth of Santa Fe: Creating a Modern Regional Tradition</i> (pp. 110-145). Albuquerque, NM: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-b9965536b8a64212b0f99ef8e4c5fa81" data-uuid="b9965536b8a64212b0f99ef8e4c5fa81">
            Wroth, W. H. (n.d.). Buffalo Soldiers in New Mexico. At <i>New Mexico Office of the State Historian</i>. Retrieved from<a href="http://newmexicohistory.org/people/buffalo-soldiers-in-new-mexico"> http://newmexicohistory.org/people/buffalo-soldiers-in-new-mexico</a><br/>
        </p>
    </body>
</html>
